i dreamt about you last night .
because last night i dreamed of you .
i dreamed of you last night .
you seem to have been in my dream last night .
have you seen me last night ?
it could be your dream last night .
you must have been in my dream last night .
i dreamed of you last night .
this is true .
you 're going to see me last night .
i do n't have a time share .
so the apartments do n't exist .
i do n't have time share .
we do n't have time share .
let 's not have a shared apartment .
we 'll have no shared apartments .
we 'll be renting apartments for a while .
i do n't have time share .
this is temporary .
we 're going to have no shared apartments .
i 'm sure the white people know you 're not a white man and that 's why they laugh at me .
because the white people know you 're not a white man , which is why they laugh at you .
i 'm sure the white people know you 're not white , which is why they laugh at me .
they want to make white people laugh because they 're white .
let the white people know you 're not a white man and that 's why they laugh at you !
you must be a white man , which is why they laugh .
they must have known you were n't white , which is why they laughed .
i mean , white people know you 're not white , which is why you laugh .
that 's white .
they 're gon na laugh because they know you 're not white .
i 'm not allowed to drink alcohol or smoke .
so we do n't have alcohol and cigarettes .
i 'm not allowed to drink alcohol or smoke .
we have to ban alcohol and cigarettes .
let 's ban alcohol and cigarettes .
we 'll ban alcohol and cigarettes .
they 'll be banned from alcohol and cigarettes .
i banned alcohol and cigarettes .
that 's forbidden .
we 're gon na ban alcohol and cigarettes .
i get a cab . how come ?
so the cab came ?
i got him a cab .
you want to get a cab ?
have you got a cab yet ?
he 'll get a cab .
he must have gotten a cab .
i mean , he got a cab .
this is good ?
you 're going to get a cab ?
i see a huge , black , wolf like dog next to him .
beside him lay a large black wolf .
i 'm sitting next to a huge black wolf dog .
they 're sitting next to a huge black wolf dog .
leto sat next to him with a large black dog .
he could see a large , black , wolf like dog beside him .
he could have seen a large black wolf dog lying beside him .
i noticed a large black wolf dog lying next to him .
this is huge .
they 're gon na have a big black wolf dog next to him .
i do n't know where they might hide it underground .
because i ca n't imagine where he might hide it underground .
i do n't know where they might hide it underground .
we have to imagine where he might hide it underground .
let me guess where he 's hiding it underground .
we can imagine a place where he could hide it underground .
it must have been hard to imagine where he might hide it underground .
i do n't know where they might hide it underground .
this is difficult .
we 're going to find out where they might hide it underground .
i do n't think we found anything to blame for the boy ?
so we found something to blame for the boy ?
i found something to charge the boy with .
you gon na charge the kid with something ?
have we found anything to charge the boy with ?
we 'll find something to blame for the boy .
we could have found something to blame for the boy ?
i thought we found something to blame for the boy ?
that 's suspicious ?
we 're gon na find something to blame for the boy ?
i do n't know anyone who would want to hurt your husband .
if you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband .
i do n't know anyone who would want to hurt your husband .
you happen to know someone who would want to hurt your husband .
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
you can imagine someone who would want to hurt your husband .
you might have known someone who wanted to hurt your husband .
i mean , do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
this is crazy .
you 're gon na find someone to hurt your husband ?
i 'm gon na break into the hotel room just like nixon .
as nixon fell he broke into the hotel room .
i 've seen nixon fall through when he broke into the hotel room .
you have to go through nixon 's escape from the hotel room .
let 's go through how nixon broke into the hotel room .
it will be the same as nixon 's escape from the hotel .
it could have happened to nixon when he broke into the hotel room .
i mean how nixon fell through the break in at the hotel .
that 's terrible .
we 're going to break into the hotel room just like nixon .
i 'm the first one in the studio .
because you 're the first one in the studio .
i 've been in my first studio .
you 're starting to own a studio .
let 's go to his first studio .
you 'll have your own studio for the first time .
you 'll be living in your own studio for the first time .
i 've seen you in my first studio .
that 's new .
you 're going to have a studio for the first time .
i do n't know how thomas had such a big hat .
like you were wondering why thomas had such a big hat .
i 'm wondering how thomas got his big hat .
you want to know how thomas got his big hat ?
let 's see how thomas got his big hat !
you 'd like thomas to have a big hat like that .
you might be wondering why thomas had such a big hat .
i wonder why thomas has such a large hat .
this is typical .
you 're going to wonder why thomas had such a big hat .
i think we should send a helicopter .
so we should send a helicopter .
i 'm supposed to get a helicopter .
we have to send a helicopter .
let 's get a helicopter .
we should send a helicopter .
we should be sending a helicopter .
i need a helicopter .
this is good .
we 're going to get a helicopter .
i 'm not gon na dress ?
if you 're not dressed ?
i 'm not gon na dress ?
you want to get dressed ?
let 's get dressed .
you 'll get your clothes ?
you 'll be dressed ?
i hope you 're not dressed ?
this is ridiculous .
you 're gon na get dressed ?
i 'm surprised banks do n't lend loans to poor black men in west adams .
that the banks wo n't be able to provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
i 'm surprised the banks do n't offer loans to poor black men in west adams .
they refuse to provide loans to poor black men from west adams .
let 's see what 's weird the banks do n't give loans to poor black men in west adams .
it would be a strange thing if banks did n't offer loans to poor black men in west adams .
it must be weird that the banks do n't give loans to poor black people in west adams .
i mean , a bank does n't give loans to poor black men in west adams .
this is weird .
we 're going to be surprised that the banks wo n't be providing loans to poor black men in west adams .
i 'm writing applications for applications for 22 may 2013 at midnight .
so the deadline for the submission of applications is midnight on 22 may 2013 .
i 'm writing to you on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
they have to be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
let the applications be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
you can submit applications within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
it should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
i need to be informed by 22 may 2013 at midnight .
this is midnight .
they are going to be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
i 'm sure the looks on the calf 's eyes scare the butchers .
if you look at the butchers at the calves , the sight of their eyes can scare the hell out of them .
i 'm sure the sight of the calf 's eyes frightens the butchers .
they tend to look at the calves when they see some butchers .
let 's not forget the eyes of the calf when they look at the butchers .
it can scare the calves when they look at the butchers .
may be frightened by the sight of the calf at the butchers .
i fear the eyes of the calf when they look at the butchers .
this looks scary .
they 're gon na scare the calves when they look at the butchers .
i 'm alone and out of civilization , which is why mr queen has spent the last 5 years .
so he lives alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
i 've spent the last five years alone and out of civilization .
they have to live alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
let him live alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
he will spend the last five years alone and out of civilization .
will be spent five years alone and out of civilization .
i 've spent the last five years alone and out of civilization .
this is mr queen .
you 're going to spend the last five years alone and out of civilization .
i 'm going to see mrs honeychurch 's wedding in january .
that mrs honeychurch and mr vyse will have a wedding in january .
i 'm going to miss honeychurch 's wedding in january .
they want to have a wedding with mrs honeychurch and mr vyse in january .
miss honeychurch 's going to have a wedding with mr vyse in january .
he will have a wedding with mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse in january .
will be married to miss honeychurch in january .
i 'm going to miss honeychurch 's wedding in january .
this is true .
we 're going to miss honeychurch 's wedding in january .
i do n't think there 's a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
so the explosion may have something to do with today 's shooting at the apartments .
i 've heard there 's a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
they seem to have a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
let 's assume that the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments may have something to do with it .
we can expect a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
it could have been a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
i thought there was a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
this is possible .
we 're going to assume that there was a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
i think he was about five ten in height , but his well tailored shirt did n't cover the slightly arched shoulders .
although he was about five ten , his well tailored shirt did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
i 'm supposed to be five ten , but his well tailored suit did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
they seem to be five ten in height , but a well tailored suit does n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
leto 's jacket was about five and a half inches tall , but it did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
he must be about five ten in height , as well as a well tailored jacket , which did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
he must have been about five ten in height , as well as a well tailored jacket , which did n't cover the slightly arched shoulders .
i mean five and a half feet tall , but his well tailored jacket did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
this is true .
he 's going to be about five ten in height , but a well tailored suit does n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
i held extensive consultations in the last year .
since last year , extensive consultations have been held .
i 've conducted extensive consultations in the last year .
they have to undergo extensive consultations in the last year .
have extensive consultations carried out over the past year .
we will undergo extensive consultations in the next year .
it should be noted that extensive consultations have been carried out over the past year .
i 've conducted extensive consultations in the last year .
this is extensive .
we are continuing to extensive consultations in the last year .
i guess the gold will change everything .
that gold will change everything .
i 'm going to change everything with the gold .
you have to change everything about the gold .
let 's change this gold for the better .
it 'll change everything for the gold .
it 'll be changed because of the gold .
i hope the gold will change everything .
this is different !
you 're going to change everything with the gold .
i 'm telling you to stop playing all the jokes in section five .
so you can stop all the jokes that will be played in the fifth part ?
i 'm going to tell you to stop all the jokes in section five .
you want to stop all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series ?
let 's go and shut down all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series .
you can stop all the jokes that will be played in the fifth part .
you could have stopped all the jokes that were still going on in the fifth section .
i mean , i 'm going to close all the jokes that are still going on in section five .
that 's funny .
you 're gon na stop playing all the jokes from section five ?
i 'm sure he 'll play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
so he 's going to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
i 'm going to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
they want to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
let 's assume he 's going to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
he will play the role of a mad scientist who will destroy the entire city !
he will be played by a mad scientist who will destroy the entire city .
i mean , he 's going to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
this is crazy !
you 're gon na play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
i saw today that son of a bitch stole 50 bucks .
that son of a bitch stole 50 bucks today .
i found out this fucker stole 50 bucks worth of goods .
they have to steal 50 bucks for the merchandise .
let 's see if the fucker stole 50 bucks today .
he could steal 50 of the goods today .
he must have stolen 50 of the goods today .
i noticed that this fucker stole 50 bucks worth of goods today .
this is crazy !
we 're gon na have 50 bucks stolen from that fucker .
i 'm just saying that you have fantastically great joss .
although you have fantastically great joss .
i 've got a fantastically great joss .
you have to make an amazing joss !
let 's go see the fantastically good joss .
you 'll have an amazing great joss !
you must have done an incredibly great joss !
i mean , you have fantastically great joss .
this is fantastic !
you 're going to have an amazing joss !
i hear they 're selling gasoline at the toy store ?
so they 're selling gasoline at the toy store ?
i 'm supposed to sell gasoline at the toy store ?
they like to sell gasoline in the toy shop .
are they selling gasoline at the toy store ?
he 'll sell gasoline at the toy store ?
they 'll be selling gasoline at the toy store ?
i mean , gasoline sales in toys ?
that 's petrol .
they 're gon na sell gasoline at the toy store ?
i 'm going to do the opposite of his plan .
so we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
i 'm going to do the opposite of his plan .
we intend to carry out the opposite of his plan .
let 's do the opposite of his plan .
we 'll do the opposite of his plan !
we 'll be doing the opposite of his plan .
i 'm going to do the opposite of his plan .
this is different .
we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
i 'm sure you 've seen jaws .
if you 've seen jaws .
i 've seen the jaws movie .
you happen to have seen jaws ?
have you seen the movie jaw ?
you 'd see jaws in that movie .
you must have seen jaws in the movie .
i 've seen jaws in the movie .
this is jawy ?
you 're going to see jaws .
i do n't feel any pain in my head ?
that my head hurts ?
i do n't have a headache ?
you gon na hurt your head ?
have you had a bad headache ?
he 'll have no head pain ?
you must have hurt your head badly ?
i mean , do n't you have a headache ?
this is serious ?
you 're gon na hurt your head ?
i know there 's more than money .
that there 's more than money .
i 've got more than money .
you have to have more than money .
let 's talk about things that are not about money .
it can be more than money .
it can be done more than money .
i mean , money does n't mean anything .
that 's different .
we 're going to do something more than money .
i 'm looking for the key to unlock the lock .
so we have to find the keys to unlock the lock .
i 'm looking for the key to unlock the lock .
we have to find the keys to unlock the lock .
let 's find the keys to unlock the lock .
we 'll find the keys to unlock the lock .
they must be looking for the keys to unlock the lock .
i need to find the keys to unlock the lock .
this is necessary !
we 're going to find the keys to unlock the lock .
i 'm kissing teddy .
if you 're kissing teddy .
i 'm going to kiss teddy .
you gon na kiss him ?
let 's go kiss teddy .
you 'd like a kiss with teddy .
you 'd be kissing teddy .
i 'm going to kiss teddy .
this is teddy .
you 're gon na kiss him ?
i 'm sure a swordsman can do a lot of different moves , attack , counterattack , defense .
that swordsman must have a range of different moves , attack , counterattack and defense .
i 'm sure a swordsman must have a range of different moves , attacks , counter attacks and defense .
you need to be able to move in dozens of different ways , attack , counterattack and defense .
need swordsman to be able to move in dozens of different ways , attack , counterattack and defense .
he must have a skill for many moves , ranging from attack to counter attack and defense .
he must be trained in dozens of moves , attacking , counter attacking and defensive positions .
i mean , a swordsman must have a range of different moves , attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
this is true .
you 're going to need many moves , different attacks , counter attacks and defense .
i 'm sure you 'll be missed by five feet .
because you 're probably going to miss it by five feet .
i 'm sure you 'll be missed by five feet .
you have to remember that you 're probably going to miss a couple of inches .
let 's not forget that you 're probably going to be five feet taller .
you 'll miss a lot of it .
you should be reminded that you are likely to be less than five feet away .
i 'm sure you 'll be missed by five feet .
this is likely .
you 're going to miss a lot more than five feet .
i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
because i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away .
i 'm learning instead of throwing things away .
you have to teach instead of throwing things away !
let 's teach instead of throwing things away !
you 'll learn instead of throwing things away .
you should have taught me instead of throwing things away .
i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
that 's useful .
you 're going to teach instead of throwing things away !
i consider that meetings generally require a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
although meetings are usually carried out in advance , candidates should take into account a large number of preparatory activities .
i have heard that meetings usually involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
they tend to include a large number of preparatory activities that candidates need to take into account .
meetings tend to involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
it will require a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account in their meetings .
it should be noted that meetings usually involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
i consider that meetings usually involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
this is common .
they are going to involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
i 'm sure he 'll win 30 shillings .
that he 'll win 30 shillings !
i 'm going to win 30 shillings .
you have to win 30 shillings .
let 's win 30 shillings .
he 'll win 30 shillings !
he 'll be winning 30 shillings .
i 'm sure he 'll win 30 shillings .
that 's good .
you 're going to win 30 shillings .
i 'm missing my baby .
because they kidnapped my baby .
i was kidnapped by my baby .
they want to kidnap my baby .
let me know my baby 's been kidnapped !
they 'll kidnap my baby .
they must have kidnapped my baby .
i 've been kidnapped .
this is kidnapping .
they 're gon na kidnap my baby .
i 'm happy for the win .
if you 're happy about the win ?
i 'm enjoying the win .
you gon na enjoy this ?
have you enjoyed the victory ?
you 'll have a good win ?
you 'll be pleased with the win ?
i 'm glad you won ?
this is nice ?
you 're gon na enjoy this victory ?
i think his son died in an attack on the terrorists .
that his son was murdered by terrorists .
i believed his son was murdered by terrorists .
they claim to have killed their son in terrorist attacks .
leto believed his son had died in an attack on the terrorists .
he would have thought his son had died in an attack on the terrorists .
he would have believed his son had died in an attack on the terrorists .
i thought he was killed by a terrorist .
this is true .
they 're trying to make a statement that their son died in an attack .
i 'm going to another night than in town .
because we 're going to the city tonight .
i 'm going to the city tonight .
we have to go to town tonight .
let 's go to town for another night .
it will be another night than in town !
you 'll be staying at home tonight , not in town .
i 'm going to the city tonight .
this is different !
we 're going to have a different night than in town .
i 'm at the veterans hospital ?
so it 's a veterans hospital ?
i 'm going to the veterans hospital ?
you want to go to a veterans hospital ?
let 's see the veterans hospital .
it must be a veterans hospital .
you must have been at the veterans ' hospital ?
i mean the veterans hospital ?
this is military ?
you 're going to be a veterans hospital ?
i talked to him in hebrew for ten minutes .
because he spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
i 've seen him speak hebrew for ten minutes .
you have to stand here and talk in hebrew for ten minutes .
let 's see how he spoke hebrew ten minutes ago .
he can speak hebrew for ten minutes !
he must have spoken hebrew for ten minutes .
i 've seen him speak hebrew for ten minutes .
this is hebrew .
you 're going to talk in hebrew for ten minutes .
i do n't hate them for shooting !
because they do n't like fire .
i do n't think they like fire .
they tend to hate fires .
let them know they do n't like fire !
it must be the ones who hate the fire .
they must have hated the fire .
i mean those who do n't like fire !
that 's terrible !
they 're going to hate the fire .
i just saw him and it looked like the fbl was on him when i looked at him .
although he seemed to be raided by the fbl when i saw him .
i 've seen it before , but it looks like the fbl attacked him .
they seem to have invaded the fbi when i saw them .
let 's just say the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
he could see the fbi raiding him when i looked at him .
he must have been raided by the fbl when i first saw him .
i 've seen it before , but it looks like the fbl attacked him .
this is true .
they 're trying to find out if the fbi was there when i saw them .
i did n't hurt your baby !
that i did n't hurt your baby .
i did n't hurt your baby .
you have to forgive me for hurting your baby .
let me assure you that i did not hurt your child .
it will hurt my baby .
you should have been hurt by my baby .
i 've never hurt your baby .
this is wrong .
you 're going to be hurt by my baby .
i demand that these declarations be made under oath if national law allows it .
if national law allows , the court will demand that these declarations be sworn .
i 'm requesting that these declarations be sworn if national law allows it .
they need to be sworn , if national law allows .
let the court request that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows .
it will request the submission of such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
it will be requested that these declarations be made under oath , where applicable , if national law allows .
i hereby request that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows .
this is true .
they are going to be sworn if national law allows .
i 'm gon na scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
because he 's gon na scare the shit out of me .
i 'm gon na scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
they want to scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
let her be scared .
he 'll scare the hell out of her .
he 'll be scared of me , which is why he 's going to let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
this is scary .
we 're gon na scare her so he 's gon na let it go .
i 'm sitting here on my ass looking at the statement .
so we 're sitting here on our ass watching the statement .
i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
you have to sit on your ass and keep an eye on the evidence .
let 's sit down and keep an eye on the statement .
you can watch the statement on your ass .
you should be sitting on your ass and watching the testimony .
i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
this is ridiculous .
we 're gon na sit here on our asses and watch the testimony .
i think he wrote a book about driving .
like she wrote a book about driving ?
i 've heard he wrote a book about driving .
they seem to be writing a book about driving .
let 's say she wrote a book about driving .
he must write a book about driving .
she must have written a book on driving , right ?
i think he wrote a book about driving .
this is crazy .
they 're going to write a book about driving .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
that he came out of jail yesterday .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
we have to release him from jail yesterday .
have you released him from jail ?
they 'll release him yesterday .
he should have come out of jail yesterday .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
that 's true .
they 're going to release him from jail yesterday .
i 'm asking for five million .
so we 're talking about five million .
i 'm asking for five million .
we want to get five million .
let 's say five million .
we 'll raise five million .
we 'll be asking for five million .
i 'm asking for five million .
that 's true .
we 're going to raise five million .
i 'm offering you a movie or an hour of pottery .
so we can choose between films and courses in pottery .
i 'm going to choose between movies and pottery classes .
you have to choose between films and courses in pottery .
let 's say a movie or an hour of pottery .
you can choose the film or the bowl .
can be selected for films or courses in pottery .
i 'm offering you movies or art classes .
this is possible .
you 're going to choose between movies and pottery classes .
i 'm starting to serenade my women when they get settled .
once the women settle down , they start singing .
i 'm going to start singing their women when they get settled .
they start singing their women when they get settled .
let 's start with the serenades of their women when they settle down .
they will begin the singing of their women once they are settled .
they will be serenaded by their women once they are settled .
i mean , once the women settle down .
that 's right .
they 're gon na start singing their women when they get settled .
i do n't even have a gram of truth in those paintings .
because he does n't even have a gram of truth on the painting .
i do n't have a gram of truth in those paintings .
we have to look at his photographs without even a gram of truth .
let 's not even look at the gram of the truth .
you can see the gram of truth in his paintings .
he can be seen without even grammatical errors in his paintings .
i mean , he does n't even have a gram of truth .
this is true .
they 're gon na do n't even have a gram of truth .
i do n't suppose you 've been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
like you 've been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
i 've never seen you as a prime minister for the first time ?
you 're working for the prime minister for the first time ?
have you worked for the prime minister for the first time ?
you will be the first employee of the prime minister for the first time ?
you 'll be working for the prime minister for the first time ?
i mean , you 've been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
this is true .
you 're going to work for the prime minister for the first time ?
i 'm just hunting monsters if you do n't like them .
if you do n't want to be a monster .
i 'm just looking for a monster .
we have to chase monsters if we do n't like them .
let 's keep hunting monsters if you do n't .
we 'll catch the monsters ourselves .
we 'll be looking for monsters if you do n't like them .
i mean , if you do n't want to be a monster .
that 's true .
we 're gon na catch the monsters if we do n't like them .
i shut down most of the company 's activities in june 2008 .
since june 2008 , the company has closed most of its activities .
i 've closed most of my business in june 2008 .
they begin to close most of their activities in june 2008 .
start june 2008 to close most of its activities .
it will close most of its activities in june 2008 .
it should be noted that in june 2008 , the company closed all activities .
ive closed most of my business in june 2008 .
this is true .
they are closing most of their activities in june 2008 .
i 'm not surprised ?
that it shook him ?
i 've shocked him .
you gon na shock him ?
have you shaken him up ?
it must shock him ?
it must have shocked him .
i mean , the shock ?
this is shocking ?
you 're gon na shock him ?
i find it difficult to eat and drink due to these effects .
as a result , it is difficult to eat and drink .
i have been advised that these effects may cause difficulty in eating and drinking .
they tend to make it difficult to eat and drink .
let 's not forget that these effects may cause difficulty with food and drink .
it may cause difficulty to eat and drink due to these effects .
it may be affected by the difficulty of food and drink .
i experience difficulties with food and drink .
this is undesirable .
they are making it difficult to eat and drink .
i 'm sure they 'll fire us both .
so they could fire us both .
i 've got a chance to get fired .
they want to fire us both .
let 's get fired !
they could fire us both .
they could have fired us both !
i 'm afraid they 'll fire us both .
that 's possible .
they 're gon na fire us both .
i think when you dress like that , you 're more beautiful than the prince .
if you dress like that , you 'll look better than the prince .
i 've always thought you 're more beautiful than the prince .
you have to be more beautiful than the prince .
let 's see if you 're more beautiful than the prince .
you must be the most beautiful prince i 've ever seen .
you must have been more beautiful than the prince in that dress .
i thought you were more beautiful than the prince .
that 's handsome !
you 're going to be more beautiful than the prince .
unable to verify the file .
that file was not checked .
i failed to verify the file .
you have to verify the file .
unable to verify the file .
you can verify the file .
file was not checked .
i 'm unable to verify the file .
this is impossible .
you 're trying to verify the file .
i 'm saying they 're dying ? '' panagyn asked .
so they 're dying ? '' panagyn asked .
i 'm going to die ? '' panagyn asked .
they want to die ? '' panagyn asked .
let them die ? '' panagyn asked .
they will die ? '' panagyn asked .
will be killed ? '' panagyn asked .
i mean they 're dying ? '' panagyn asked .
this is fatal ? '' panagyn asked .
they 're going to die ? '' panagyn asked .
i 'm not an astronaut ?
that you 're an astronaut ?
i 'm not an astronaut ?
you want to be an astronaut ?
have you ever been an astronaut ?
you 'll be an astronaut ?
you should have been an astronaut ?
i mean , you 're an astronaut ?
that 's astronaut ?
you 're going to be an astronaut ?
i 'm not interested in being your friend .
because i 'm not your friend .
i want to be friends with you .
you want to be my friend ?
let 's not be friends !
we 'll be friends !
we 'll be friends !
i want to be friends with you .
that 's true .
we 're going to be friends !
i 'm not mad at you ?
that you 're not mad at me ?
i 'm not mad at you ?
you want to get mad at me ?
have you gotten mad at me yet ?
you can blame me .
you must have been upset with me .
i 'm not mad at you ?
that 's bad ?
you 're gon na be mad at me ?
i do n't think the declaration of war and the attack on the nation 's troops is necessarily equivalent .
that a declaration of war and an attack on the nation 's troops is not necessarily equivalent .
i do n't think declaring war and attacking the nation 's troops is equivalent .
they tend to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
declare war and attack the nation 's troops is not necessarily the same .
it would be a mistake to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
it can be inferred that declaring war and attacking the nation 's troops and people of these countries is not equivalent .
i mean , declaring war and an attack on the nation 's troops is not necessarily equivalent .
this is contradictory .
we are going to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
i 'm too fast to meet the quotas !
because we 're going too fast !
i 'm going too fast !
we 're going too fast , not enough to meet our quotas .
let 's go too fast ! we 'll never meet the quotas .
we 'll be too fast to meet our quotas .
we 'll be running too fast , not fulfilling our quotas .
i 'm going too fast !
that 's slow .
we 're going to run so fast , we 'll never meet our quotas .
i do n't want to miss you .
that i wo n't miss you .
i do n't want to miss you .
you have to be nice to me , ladies .
let 's not miss the ladies .
you will be my ladies .
you must have missed me , ladies .
i hope you do n't miss me .
this is amazing !
you 're gon na miss me , ladies .
i 'm told they 're all born twice .
that they 're all born twice .
i 've heard that they 're all born twice .
they have to be born twice .
let 's say they 're all born twice .
they 'll be born twice .
they 'll be born twice .
i mean , they 're all born twice .
each is reborn twice .
they 're going to be born twice .
i prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
if captain muller or anyone else does n't know about it .
i prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
we prefer captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it .
let captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it .
would prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
we would have preferred captain muller or anyone else who did n't know about it .
i prefer captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it .
that 's preferable .
we 're going to prefer captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it .
i 'm going to kill my movie right now .
so they killed my film .
i 'm going to kill my movie .
they want to kill my film .
let 's go kill my movie .
they 'll kill my film .
they 'll be murdered for my film .
i 've just been murdered by my film .
that 's terrible .
they 're gon na kill my movie .
i 'm sure it 's in the contract .
that we have a contract .
i 've got a contract .
we have to have a contract .
let 's get this out of our contract !
we must have a contract .
it must have been in the contract .
i hope it 's in the contract .
that 's mandatory .
we 're gon na have to have a contract .
i am concerned about the adverse effects on water quality and fish stocks .
if this accumulation occurs , it will negatively affect the quality of water and fish stocks .
i 'm concerned about the effects on water quality and fish health .
they threaten to have adverse effects on fish and water quality .
let them accumulate , which will negatively affect the quality of the water and fish .
it will have a negative impact on the quality of water and fish .
it will be adversely affected by the accumulation of contaminants in the water and fish stocks .
i envisage adverse effects on water quality and fish stocks .
this is detrimental .
they are going to have a detrimental effect on the quality of water and fish .
i 'm taking a few shots .
so we 're supposed to shoot .
i 'm supposed to take a picture .
we have to take a picture .
let 's get some shots .
we 'll have a couple of shots !
we should have taken a picture .
i need to take a picture .
that 's good .
we 're gon na have a couple of shots .
i 'm telling you , mr . sigursdon , you ca n't sell .
that mr . sigursdon ca n't sell .
i 'm not allowed to sell .
we have to sell mr . sigursdon .
let 's not sell it , mr . sigursdon .
you can sell it , mr . sigursdon .
it must be banned , mr . sigursdon .
i mean , mr . sigursdon , i ca n't sell .
that 's illegal .
we 're going to sell it to mr sigursdon .
i agree with grady about the negotiation ?
that grady is negotiating ?
i 've agreed to a negotiation .
you agree to talk ?
have you signed up for negotiation ?
you 'll let grady negotiate ?
you 'll be negotiating with grady ?
i thought grady was negotiating ?
that 's grumpy ?
you 're gon na negotiate with grady ?
i want to maintain a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
that income and expenditure should be balanced .
i have to keep a balance between income and spending .
we need to keep a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
let 's keep a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
it must maintain a balance between income from the budget and spending .
should be kept in line with budgetary revenues and spending .
i need to keep a balance between income and spending .
this is necessary .
we are trying to maintain a balance between income from the budget and spending .
i just want them to think i 'm not a monster .
so they 'll remember me as a monster .
i want them to remember me as a monster .
they want to remember me as a monster .
let 's remember that i 'm not just a monster .
they 'll remember me as a monster .
they would have remembered me as a monster .
i want them to remember me as a monster .
that 's important .
they 're gon na remember me as a monster .
i bought it a few months ago in an auction .
that she bought in a couple of months ago for the price .
i bought it for a couple of months ago .
they want to sell it for a couple of months .
let 's see what he bought in an auction a couple of months ago .
it will be a few months before the auction .
he must have bought it a few months ago in an auction .
i bought it a few months ago in an auction .
that 's expensive !
they 're going to auction a few months ago .
i do n't think any demon will hurt you if you have the sword on your hip .
if you have the sword on your hip , no one will be able to hurt you .
i 'm sure the blade will never hurt a demon .
you have to keep the knife on your hip so the demons wo n't hurt you .
let 's assume that if you have the sword at your side , no demon will be harmed .
you 'll have the sword on your hip , and the demons wo n't hurt you .
you 'll be saved by the sword at your side , no demon will be harmed .
i mean , if you have the sword on your hip , no demon 's gon na hurt you .
this is magical .
you 're gon na have that knife on your hip and no demon 's gon na hurt you .
i know there 's been a life on earth for 3 billion years !
that life has existed for 3 billion years .
i 've lived here for 3 billion years .
we have lived here for 3 billion years .
let 's assume that the planet 's life lasted 3 billion years .
we can live 3 billion years on this planet .
we can have lived here for 3 billion years .
i 've lived here for 3 billion years .
this is habitable .
we 're going to live on this planet for 3 billion years !
i 'll show you where to sit .
so we can sit down .
i 'm going to show you the place .
you want to sit down with me ?
let me get you in the seat .
we 'll have a seat .
you 'll be seated .
i 'm showing you where to sit .
this is mine .
you 're going to sit down .
i 'm sure someone speaks english !
if anyone can speak english .
i 've got someone speaking english .
they have to speak english .
let 's see if anyone speaks english .
we 'll have someone speaking english .
we 'll be talking in english .
i hope somebody speaks english .
this is english .
we 're gon na have to talk in english .
i do n't know anything weird .
so it 's not weird ?
i do n't know anything weird .
you want to say something weird ?
let 's see if there 's anything weird .
it must be something weird .
it must have been something weird .
i mean , something weird happened ?
that 's weird .
you 're gon na say something weird ?
i tortured them to confess to the servants of erzebet .
so the torture was to make the servants confess .
i tortured them to confess to the servants of erzebet .
they have to be tortured to make erzebet 's servants confess .
torture the torture brought the servants to confess .
it will make the torture of erzebet 's servants confess .
will be tortured to make the servants of erzebet confess .
i tortured them to confess the servants of erzebet .
this is torture .
they are torturing to make erzebet 's servants confess .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
although the blood of the worms is burning me in my sleep .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
they keep burning my blood even when i 'm asleep .
let 's not forget that the blood of the worms is burning even in my sleep .
it will burn my blood even when i 'm asleep .
he will be burned by the blood of the worm even when i 'm asleep .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
that 's true !
you 're going to burn my blood even if i 'm sleeping .
i know about an old woman who was accused of sexually abusing a minor .
that old woman was charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
i 've heard that an old woman has been charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
they want to charge an old woman with sexual abuse of a minor .
let 's talk about an old woman accused of sexually abusing a minor .
they will charge an old woman with sexual abuse of a minor .
will be charged with sexually abusing a 13 year old boy .
i remember an older woman was charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
this is old .
they 're gon na charge an old woman with sexual abuse of a minor .
i saw 20 kids fighting with herman on the night of the party .
that night she fought with herman about twenty kids .
i heard there were 20 kids fighting for herman that night .
they want to fight 20 kids on that night 's party .
let 's say there were 20 kids fighting for herman that night .
they must have fought 20 kids on that night 's party .
they must have fought 20 kids on that night 's after party .
i remember there were 20 kids fighting for herman that night .
this is true .
we 're going to have 20 kids fighting a herman that night .
i see a common bacterial infection that causes a narrowing of arteries .
if bacterial infections occur , the arteries will narrow .
i 'm usually caused by bacterial infection .
you tend to have a bacterial infection .
let 's assume that bacterial infection causes a narrowing of arteries .
it can cause a bacterial infection to narrow the arteries .
it can be caused by a bacterial infection to narrow arteries .
i mean , bacterial infection usually causes a narrowing of arteries .
this is common .
you 're going to have a bacterial infection that causes your arteries to narrow .
i 'm scaring him .
that he 's scared of me ?
i 'm scaring him .
you want to scare me ?
have you scared him yet ?
he 'll scare me .
will be scared ?
i 'm scared ?
that 's scary ?
you 're gon na scare me .
i 'm supposed to buy something !
if we were shopping .
i 'm supposed to buy something !
we have to buy something !
let 's get something to buy !
we could buy something !
we should be buying something !
i need to buy something !
that 's expensive .
we 're gon na have to buy something !
i swear we 're not gon na fight .
so we wo n't have any fights .
i 'm not gon na fight .
we 're not gon na fight , i promise .
let 's not fight , i promise .
we 'll have no fights !
we will be banned from fighting , i swear !
i swear we wo n't fight .
this is true .
we 're gon na do n't have any fights , i promise .
i 'm not capable of convicting you on my watch .
because my watch ca n't convict you .
i ca n't sentence you to my watch .
you 're not going to be convicted in my time !
let 's not judge you on my watch !
you can avoid my sentence for the time being .
you could have been convicted at my place .
i 'm not capable of convicting you on my watch .
this is impossible !
you 're gon na be impossible to convict me at this time .
i consider the transaction data in principle to be an information on the environment .
so it is considered that transactions data are essentially environmental information .
i want to say that people consider transactions data as an environmental information .
they tend to consider transactions data as information about the environment .
let it be said that people consider transactions data as information about the environment .
they can see the transaction data as an environmental information in principle .
it should be pointed out that people generally consider transactions data as information about the environment .
i consider transactions data as an environmental information in principle .
this is true .
they are beginning to consider transactions data as an environmental information .
i 'm gon na shoot you right in the head and die right away .
if you had gotten a little closer , you 'd have died right away .
i 'm going to go a little farther and die right away .
you have to look at it a little differently or you 'd die instantly .
let 's go a little farther and die right away .
you 'd have an immediate death in that direction .
you 'd be killed right away .
i mean , a little closer and you 'd die right away .
that 's direct .
you 're gon na die right now .
i 'm collecting all the bags and the cattle .
so we 're collecting all the bags and the cattle .
i 'm collecting all the bags and the cattle .
we have to get rid of all the luggage and the animals .
let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
we 'll get all the bags and the cattle .
we 'll be collecting our luggage and the animals .
i need to get all the bags and the cattle .
this is important .
we 're going to collect all the luggage and the animals .
i saw the image of the rotating earth .
before her eyes were the image of the revolving earth .
i 've seen the revolving earth , which came to an end .
they appear to have shown the image of the revolving earth .
let 's take a look at the image of the revolving earth .
he could see the rotating earth in the image .
he could have seen the image of the revolving earth .
i remembered the image of the revolving earth , which appeared before me .
this is true .
they 're going to show the revolving earth .
i 'm telling you to drop the gun !
if you do n't have a gun now !
i want you to drop the gun !
you have to drop the gun !
let the gun go !
you can drop the gun !
you should have dropped the gun !
i want you to drop the gun !
that 's right !
you 're gon na drop the gun !
i want to play football .
if you want to play football .
i want to play football .
you want to play football ?
let 's go play some football .
you 'd like a little football ?
you 'd like to play football ?
i want to play football .
this is good ?
you 're going to play football ?
i brought the stones back .
so the rocks are back ?
i 've returned your stones .
you want to return the stone ?
have you returned the stone ?
you 'll get the stone back ?
you 'll be returning the stones ?
i hope you return the stones .
that 's true ?
you 're going to return the stones ?
i do n't know if you 've told us everything ?
so you 've told us everything ?
i 've been told the whole story .
you want to tell us everything ?
have you told us everything yet ?
you 'll tell everyone everything ?
you 'd have told us everything ?
i thought you told us everything ?
this is true ?
you 're gon na tell us everything ?
i propose a third ground of appeal first .
so the third ground must be heard first .
i propose to examine the third ground first .
we propose to examine the third ground first .
let the third ground be heard first .
we must examine the third ground first .
should have been heard before the third ground .
i consider the third ground of appeal first .
this is necessary .
we are going to examine the third ground first .
i 'm negotiating , okay ?
that he meant negotiation .
i 'm going to negotiate , okay ?
they want to negotiate , ok ?
let 's talk , ok ?
he 'll mean negotiation .
it must have been a negotiation , ok ?
i mean negotiation .
that means negotiation .
they 're going to negotiate , ok ?
i 'm chasing this guy ?
that he was chasing ?
i 've been chasing this person ?
you want to chase this guy ?
have you pursued the man ?
you 'll pursue the man ?
you should have chased him .
i thought you were chasing the person .
this is suspicious ?
you 're gon na chase this guy ?
i 'm putting him at risk .
because he 's taking risks .
i 'm putting him at risk .
they risk taking him too much .
let him take the risk .
he 'll take a big risk .
he would have taken a great risk .
i 'm putting him at risk .
this is risky .
they 're going to take a big risk .
i do n't like dwera 's behavior .
that dwera 's behaviour irritated mudfoot .
dwera had become irritated by mudfoot 's behaviour .
they seem to have irritated dwera 's behaviour .
dwera 's behaviour irritated mudfoota .
he could see dwera 's irritation at mudfoot 's behaviour .
he could have angered dwera 's behaviour .
dwera angered mudfoot 's behaviour .
this is irritable .
they 're making dwera mad at mudfoot .
i caught him in a klingon attack on cardassia .
after the klingons attacked he was trapped in the kennels .
i caught him in a klingon attack on cardassia .
they want to trap him in cardassia when they attack the klingons .
leto 's get caught up in the attack on cardassia .
they could reach cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he must have been caught in a klingon attack on cardassia .
i caught him in the attack on cardassia .
this is klingon trapped .
they 're gon na attack klingon and trap him on cardassia .
i do n't allow them to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
that he will take the law into his own hands and commit himself to violence .
i do n't allow them to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
we do n't allow them to take the law into their hands and commit violence .
let 's not allow them to take the law into their hands and commit violence .
he must take the law into his own hands and commit himself to violence .
they should be banned from taking the law into their own hands and committing violence .
i forbid them to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
this is intolerable .
we are going to forbid them to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
i 'm voting for human destinies .
so the human destinies are taken into consideration .
i 'm voting for human destinies .
they allow to reshape human destinies .
let 's take a look at human destinies .
it will affect the human destinies .
it will be reflected in the individual destinies of humans .
i relish the human destinies .
this is patriarchal .
they are going to affect people 's destinies .
i heard the smell of perfume at night almost to cover up the terrible smell .
at some point their perfumes were nearly enough to cover up the terrible smell .
i 've heard at some point their perfume has nearly masked the terrible smell .
they tend to be so perfumed at night that they almost cover up the terrible smell .
let 's say that at some nights they were so perfumed that it nearly masked the terrible smell .
they could smell the smell of perfume at night .
they must have been so perfumed at night that the terrible smell was nearly masked by their perfume .
i recall that at some nights they were so perfumed that it nearly masked the terrible smell .
this is true .
they 're going to be so strong at night that their perfume almost masks the terrible smell .
i do n't want a drink .
if you want something to drink ?
i want something to drink .
you want to get something to drink ?
let 's get something to drink .
you 'd like something to drink ?
you 'd like something to drink ?
i need something to drink .
that 's thirsty ?
you 're going to drink ?
i know you have a lot of life to live for .
because you have a lot of life to live .
i 've got a lot of life .
you have to live up to it !
let 's not forget that you have a lot of life to live .
you should have a lot of life .
you should have lived a long life .
i thought you had a lot of life to live .
that 's great .
you 're gon na have a long life .
i do n't know how a man in town can be schizophrenic overnight .
that everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight .
i 've seen everyone in town become schizophrenic overnight .
you want to tell me that everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight ?
have all the people in town become schizophrenic during the night ?
you can become a schizophrenic overnight in town .
you could have said everyone in town was schizophrenic overnight .
i mean , everyone in town gets schizophrenic overnight .
this is schizophrenic .
you 're going to be schizophrenic overnight in town ?
i 'm gon na shoot him if he 's offended by the germans .
if he 's offended by the germans he 'll shoot .
i 'm going to shoot him if he insults the germans .
you have to shoot him if he 's offended by the germans .
let him shoot if he 's offended by the germans .
he 'll shoot the germans .
he would have taken the bullet if he had been insulted by the germans .
i 'm going to shoot him if he insults the germans .
that 's true .
you 're gon na shoot him if he 's offended by the germans .
i know the border is wide .
although the border is wide .
i 've got the border line everywhere .
we have to cross the border .
let 's keep the border line .
we 'll cross the border .
it must be crossed everywhere .
i mean , the border is everywhere .
the border is wide .
we 're going to cross the border .
i 'm not being abused .
that he 's not abusing me ?
i was n't abused .
you have to stop abusing me .
let 's not abuse him .
he could have abused me !
he should have abused me !
i 've never been abused .
that 's true .
you 're gon na abuse me !
i 'm telling you , mr . clark , commander , the commander will remain calm .
that commander will remain calm when there is a problem , mr . clark .
i 'm sure the commander will remain calm , mr . clark .
we have to keep the commander calm , mr . clark .
let 's keep the commander calm , mr . clark .
he will remain calm when there is a problem , mr . clark .
he will be kept calm , mr . clark .
i mean , mr . clark , the commander is still calm .
this is calm !
we 're going to keep the commander calm , mr . clark .
i do n't want you to break through the walls .
because he wo n't let you break the wall .
i 'm not going to let you break the wall .
you have to get out of the wall .
let 's get out of here and break the wall .
he 'll let you break the wall !
you 'll be pushed out of the wall .
i 'm sure he wo n't let you break the wall .
this is terrible .
you 're going to have to break through these walls .
i 'm gon na be proud of him !
that he 'll be proud of me .
i 'll be proud of him !
he 's gon na be proud of me .
let him be proud of me !
he 'll be proud of me .
he 'll be proud of me .
i hope he 'll be proud of me .
that 's proud !
he 's gon na be proud of me .
i 'm sure it 's a smart decision .
although it was a clever choice .
i 'm choosing smart .
you have to choose smart .
let 's make a decision smart .
it would be a clever choice .
it can be chosen very cleverly .
i mean , smart decisions .
that 's wise .
we 're going to choose smart .
i find him strange , but his mind can do it .
although he 's weird , his mind can do it .
i 'm weird , but my mind can do it .
they seem strange , but they have a mind capable of doing it .
find him strange , but his mind is able to do it .
it must be weird , but the mind is able to do it .
he must have been weird , but his mind was able to do it .
i mean , weird , but the mind is able to do it .
this is strange .
you 're going to be weird , but your mind is able to do it .
i ran a ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
so we carried out ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
i 've done ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
we have to do ballistics on our friend 's gun , which is consistent with the bullet that killed betty .
let 's do ballistics on our friend 's gun , which is consistent with the bullet that killed betty .
we 'll do ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
we 'll be doing ballistics on our friend 's gun , which is consistent with the bullet that killed betty .
i 've done ballistics on our friend 's gun , which is consistent with the bullet that killed betty .
this is true .
we 're going to do ballistics on our friend 's gun , which is consistent with the bullet that killed betty .
i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
until now i do n't know what he stole from the bread .
i do n't know if he stole anything more than bread .
they seem to have stolen barely bread .
let 's see how he stole barely a loaf of bread .
he must have stolen barely a loaf of bread .
he must have stolen barely a loaf of bread .
i do n't know if he stole anything more than bread .
this is unknown .
they 're trying to steal a loaf of bread .
i 'm gon na arrest you for the queen .
so you 're under arrest for the queen .
i 'm going to arrest you for the queen .
you have to be arrested for the queen .
let me arrest you for the queen .
you will be my prisoner of the queen .
will be arrested for the queen 's sake !
i 've arrested you for the queen .
this is crazy !
you 're going to be arrested for the queen .
i do n't suppose he lives in the house of this poor guy ?
so he lives in the house of the poor ?
i want to ask him , does he live in that poor house ?
you want to live with this poor guy ?
have you lived in the house of this poor man ?
will live in the house of the poor ?
will be living in the house of this poor man .
i mean , does he live in the house of the poor ?
this is poor .
you 're going to live in that poor guy 's house ?
i do n't think frank wanted him to steal a state secret .
that frank had prepared him for the theft of state secrets .
i 've got frank to blame for stealing a state secret .
they want to steal a state secret from him .
let frank take care of the theft of state secrets .
he could steal a state secret from frank .
should have been frank 's idea of stealing a state secret .
frank wanted him to steal a state secret .
this is frank .
they 're gon na steal frank 's state secrets .
i 'm just gon na torture him and kill him .
that he tortured him and killed him .
i 've always wanted to torture him and murder him .
we want to torture him and kill him .
let me torture him and kill him .
we 'll torture him and kill him .
he would have tortured him and killed him .
i 've always wanted to torture him and murder him .
that 's great .
we 're gon na torture him and murder him .
i lived in 15 cities for six years .
so it 's six years of life in 15 cities .
i 've lived here for six years in fifteen cities .
we have to live in 15 cities for six years .
let 's say we lived in 15 cities for six years .
we 'll be six years old in 15 cities .
we would have lived in fifteen cities for six years .
i 've lived here for six years in fifteen cities .
this is true .
we 're going to live in 15 cities for six years .
i 'm gon na buy something .
so we 're gon na buy something .
i 'm going to buy something .
we have to buy something .
let 's get something to buy !
we 'll buy something .
we 'll go buy something .
i 'm going to buy something .
this is expensive .
we 're going to buy something .
i do n't have anyone at home ?
so nobody is home ?
i 'm not home ?
you want to go home ?
have you found anyone ?
you can see no one ?
will be home ?
i mean , nobody 's home .
this is weird ?
you 're going to be home ?
i do n't have anyone here ?
if there 's anyone here ?
i do n't have anyone ?
you want to see someone ?
have you seen anyone ?
you can see anyone ?
you could have been there ?
i mean , is anyone here ?
no one 's inside ?
you 're gon na have someone there ?
i saw him in his pants .
so you 've seen her panties .
i 've seen her panties .
you want to see her panties ?
have you seen his trousers ?
you could see his pants .
you could have seen her panties .
i 've seen her panties .
that 's true ?
you 're gon na see her panties ?
i 'm talking to you in the morning .
so we 're talking in the morning .
i 'm going to brief you tomorrow .
we have to make a report tomorrow morning .
let 's talk about it tomorrow morning .
we 'll discuss it in the morning .
will be briefed in the morning .
i 'm going to brief you in the morning .
this is briefable .
we 're going to brief you in the morning .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
before we shoot , i 'll count to ten .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
you have to count ten before i shoot .
let 's count to ten before i shoot .
we 'll count ten before the shooting .
we 'll be counting down to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
that 's ten .
you 're going to count ten before i shoot .
i saw a cover of fire and hydrogen in the fireball .
as the cover was blown up by a flame , the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
i 've seen a cover of fire and hydrogen in the fireball .
they begin to glow with hydrogen in the explosion of the fireball .
let 's get the cover blown up by the hydrogen in the fireball .
it will ignite a flame and hydrogen in it will turn into a fireball .
it could have exploded with a flame and hydrogen in the explosion of the fireball .
i 've seen a cover of fire and hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover is hot .
they 're going to blow up the cover and the hydrogen inside is going to be a big fireball .
i 'm not giving them an oil price .
because i ca n't give them an oil price .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
they have to know the price of oil .
let me explain to them the price of oil .
we can afford an oil price .
they can be determined by the price of oil .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
this is impossible !
we 're going to have to give them an oil price .
i have friends who have plenty of work to do .
because my friends are still busy .
i 've got friends still busy .
we have to keep my friends busy .
let 's see , my friends are busy .
we 'll have a lot of friends .
you must have kept my friends busy .
i 've got friends still busy .
this is busy !
we 're going to have a lot of friends .
i saw a wild shootout and a bomb attack that killed a dozen members of the gang .
after wild shots and bombings , dozens died .
i 've seen a wild shootout and a bomb attack that killed dozens of people .
they continue to shoot and bomb attacks that have killed dozens of members of the gang .
let 's get rid of the wild shooting and bomb attacks that killed dozens of people .
it would kill dozens of members of the gang in a shootout .
he would have killed dozens of members of the gang in a shootout .
i 've seen a wild shootout and a bomb attack that killed dozens of people .
this is wild .
they 're going to kill a bunch of gangsters in a wild shootout .
i do n't have a lot of technical glitches .
because we do n't have enough technical glitches .
i 've had enough technical glitches .
we have to deal with too many technical glitches .
let 's not have a lot of technical glitches .
we 'll have a lot of technical glitches .
we could have avoided too many technical glitches .
i 've had enough technical glitches .
this is ridiculous .
we 're going to have a lot of technical glitches .
i 'm not going to sit here and look like a mystery .
so you 'll be sitting here and looking mysterious .
i 'm going to sit here and look like a mystery .
you want to sit here and look like a mystery to me ?
let 's sit here and look at it as a mystery .
you 'll have a mysterious look on your face .
you 'll be sitting here looking mysterious .
i mean , i 'm going to sit here and look like a mystery .
this is mysterious .
you 're going to sit here and look like a mystery to me .
i hear it 's really raining in the movie .
as you say in the movie , it really rains .
i heard it rains in your movie .
you seem to be saying it 's really raining in your movie .
let 's hear it 's really raining in your movie .
you can tell me it 's really raining in your movie .
it must have been raining in your movie , right ?
i heard it rains in your movie .
this is true .
you 're going to have a really big storm in the movie .
i 'm just gon na sit here and look mysterious .
so it 's just going to sit there and look mysterious .
i 'm just gon na sit here and look mysterious .
you have to sit here and look mysterious .
let 's just sit here and look mysterious .
you 'll have nothing to do than sit there and look mysterious .
you 'll be sitting there looking like a mystery .
i mean , just sit here and look mysterious .
this looks mysterious .
you 're gon na sit here and look mysterious .
i 'm just saying he was n't strong enough .
that he was n't strong enough !
i 'm saying he was n't strong enough .
you have to be tough enough !
let me say it 's not hard enough .
he must be a little tough !
he should have been tough enough .
i mean , he was n't strong enough .
this is ridiculous .
you 're going to say he 's not strong enough .
i 'm a traitor and i 'll punish him with an empire law .
if he 's a traitor , i 'll punish him with an empire law .
i 'm going to punish him with an imperial law .
we have to punish him for the betrayal of the empire .
let him know he 's a traitor and i 'll punish him with an empire law .
we will punish him for violating the laws of the empire .
he will be punished for violating the laws of the empire !
i 'm going to punish him with an imperial law .
this is traitorous !
we 're gon na punish him for violating the empire 's law .
i 'm just as alert as his security .
so they 're all alert .
i 've got him all alert .
they have to be perfectly alert .
let him be completely alert .
he 'll have a full alert .
he would have been completely alert .
i mean , he 's all alert .
this is secure .
they 're going to be full alert .
i saw lucian drag the headless bodies into a crumbling shack .
as lucian dragged the defenseless body into a crumbling shack , his head remained .
i watched lucian drag the headless bodies into a crumbling shack .
they have to drag the headless bodies into a decaying shack .
let lucian drag the defenseless bodies into a crumbling shack .
he 'll drag the headless bodies into a decaying shack .
he must have dragged lucian 's headless body into a crumbling shack .
i remember lucian pulling the headless bodies into a crumbling shack .
this is lucian .
they 're gon na drag the headless bodies into a decaying shack .
i 'm still carrying videos .
because they 're still carrying videos .
i 've got videos everywhere .
they keep carrying videos .
have you noticed it 's still in the video ?
they 'll keep the videos .
he 'll be carrying the video .
i noticed he 's still carrying the video .
this is constant .
are they going to keep the videos ?
i see a farm and a forest close to where you live .
that the farm and the forest are in the same neighborhood .
i 've got a farm and a forest near your house .
they belong to a farm and a forest close to where you live .
let 's go through the farm and the forest that 's adjacent to you .
you 'll have a farm and a forest near your house .
he must have had a farm and a forest close to where you lived .
i mean the farm and the forest you 've got in the neighborhood .
that 's close to his farm and forest .
they 're going to have a farm and a forest near where you live .
i 'm not saying the war will release cothy ?
so the war has not released cothy ?
i 've never heard of a war releasing cothys ?
you want to let the war go ?
have the cothys freed themselves from the war ?
it will unleash cothy 's war .
you would have said that the war had not released cothy ?
i 've never heard of a war releasing cothys ?
this is cothian ?
we 're going to open the war on cothy ?
i 'm going back to the house , okay ?
so we 're going home ?
i 'm going home , okay ?
we have to go home , okay ?
let 's go home , okay ?
we 'll get home .
we 'll be going home , okay ?
i 'm going home , okay ?
that 's right ?
we 're going to go home , okay ?
i want a territory from a taiwanese gang .
so it 's a taiwanese gang 's territory .
i want to get a territory from a taiwanese gang .
you want to give me a taiwanese gang 's territory ?
let me know where a taiwanese gang is .
you 'll get my taiwanese gang 's territory .
will be given territory from a taiwanese gang .
i need a territory from a taiwanese gang .
that 's taiwanese .
you 're going to give me a taiwanese gang 's territory .
i do n't think anyone can be so good as a salesman .
because no one can be so good as a salesman .
i do n't think anyone can be so good as a salesman .
you have to be so great that you ca n't be a salesman .
let 's assume that no one can be too good for a salesman .
you ca n't be too good for a salesman .
one can be so good that he ca n't be a salesman .
i mean , no one can be too good for a salesman .
this is impossible !
you 're gon na be too good to be a salesman .
i do n't think he had a moustache .
although he seemed to have a moustache .
i felt like he had a hung mustache .
they seem to have hung his moustache .
let 's see if he 's got a moustache .
he could see his moustache .
he could have looked as if his moustache had fallen .
i thought he had a mustache .
this looks ridiculous .
they 're going to have a mustache .
i feel like she 's holding my little hand and caressing me .
as she put her slim hand on my shoulder and groped me .
i felt her slim hand on my shoulder and groping me .
they want to put their slim hands on my shoulders and touch me .
letitia put her slim hand on my shoulder and took me by the hand .
she could feel her slim hands on my shoulders and caressing me .
she could have put her slim hand on my shoulder and caressed me .
i thought he was holding my slim hand and caressing me .
that 's sweet .
they 're going to put their slim hands on my shoulders and caress me .
i think they 're really nice guys .
that they 're really nice guys .
i feel like they 're really nice guys .
they seem to be really nice guys .
let 's say they 're really nice guys .
he must be a really nice guy .
they must have been really nice boys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
this seems nice .
they 're gon na be really nice guys .
i feel like a hot iron burned in my hands .
as a hot iron burned in his hands , a rock struck him .
i was struck by a sharp rock that burned like a hot iron .
they have to put a hard rock in their hands as a hot iron .
let 's keep an eye on the sharp rocks that burned like a hot iron in their hands .
they could feel the sharp stones burning like a hot iron in their hands .
they could have burned the stones like a hot iron in their hands .
i thought he was struck by a sharp rock that burned like a hot iron .
this is cruel .
they 're going to have a hard rock in their hands like a hot iron .
i know one little dog who likes schumama .
that little dog likes to go to schumama .
i 've got a little dog who likes schumama .
they like to go to schumama .
let 's go see a little dog who likes schumama .
he 'll love schumama .
he must have liked schumama .
i 've got a little dog who likes schumama .
that 's cute .
we 're gon na have a little dog who likes schumama .
i 'm not begging anyone , not even you .
because no one is forcing me to beg .
i 'm not begging anyone , including you .
we have to beg no one , not even you .
let me beg no one , not even you !
you can beg no one , not even me !
will be begging me not even you .
i 'm not begging anyone , including you .
no one is begging .
you 're gon na make me beg for something , including you !
i see big differences in social issues .
because social issues show big differences .
i 've noticed big differences in social issues .
they appear to be very different on social issues .
let 's look at social issues where there are significant differences .
you will find significant differences in social issues .
will be distinguished by significant differences in social matters .
i noticed big differences in social issues .
this is social .
we 're going to show big differences on social issues .
i 'm on my way to the gate ! '' garuda screamed .
as garuda raced to the gate he screamed again .
i heard garuda scream again as he drove to the gate .
they begin to scream again as garuda approaches the gate .
let 's go ! '' garuda screamed as he headed for the gate .
he could hear garuda screaming as he raced to the gate .
he could have screamed again when garuda was rushing to the gate .
garuda screamed again as he raced to the door .
that 's garuda screaming .
we 're going to the gate ! garuda screamed again .
i do n't want to go out of the bathroom if everyone does n't stop being crazy .
if they do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
i 'm not going anywhere if they do n't stop being crazy !
you have to stop being crazy or i wo n't come out of the bathroom !
let 's not go to the bathroom until everyone stops behaving like crazy .
you 'll be crazy if you do n't stop acting like crazy .
they 'll be all crazy if they do n't stop acting like crazy !
i hope you do n't act crazy and i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
this is crazy .
you 're gon na stop behaving like a fool if you do n't stop taking me out of the bathroom !
i 'm telling you , who owns those apartments ?
so you found out who owns those apartments ?
i 've been told who owns those apartments ?
you want to know who owns those apartments ?
have you found out who owns those apartments ?
you 'll find the owner of those apartments ?
you 'd have found out who owns those apartments ?
i 've been told who owns those apartments ?
this is residential ?
you 're going to find out who owns those apartments ?
i 'm not crying ?
so it 's not crying ?
i 'm not crying ?
you want to cry ?
let 's not cry ?
it must be a cry ?
it must have been crying .
i 'm not crying ?
that 's sad .
you 're gon na cry ?
i do n't think we should spend the last penny of the film .
so we do n't give the last penny to the film .
i do n't think we should spend the last penny on the film .
we have to give the last penny to the film .
let 's not give the last penny of the film .
we should have the last penny of the film !
we should have spent the last penny on the film !
i hope we do n't spend the last penny on the film .
this is stupid !
we 're gon na have to spend the last penny on this movie !
i see a powerful healing energy emerging from love .
after love comes powerful restorative energy .
i 'm going to release a powerful healing energy out of love .
they begin to awaken powerful restorative energy from love .
let 's look at the powerful restorative energy coming out of love .
it will awaken powerful healing energy from love .
it will be released by powerful restorative energy from love .
i 've seen a strong recovery energy emerging from love .
this is beautiful .
we 're going to release a powerful healing energy out of love .
i 'll give you back the stone .
if you get the stones back , everything will be yours .
i 'll give you back the stone .
you have to return the stones to return your things .
get your rocks back and get your stuff back .
you 'll have your rocks and everything you need .
you 'll be taken back when you have the stones .
i mean , when you get rocks , you get your stuff .
that 's true .
you 're going to get your rocks back when you get your stuff back .
i reject all the requests that different customers have filed for a refund in respect of the turnover tax .
that they rejected the applications of other customers for a refund in respect of turnover tax .
i have learned that they have rejected the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
they refuse to refund the tax refunds they have received from other customers .
reject the applications made by other customers for a refund in respect of turnover tax .
they would reject the applications of other customers for a refund in respect of the turnover tax .
will be rejected by the applications of other customers for a refund in respect of turnover tax .
i recall that they rejected the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
this is untrue .
they are refusing to refund the tax refunds that different customers have applied for .
i 'm starting a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
that jen started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
i 've started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
we have to go through a long judicial process to help great lawyers .
let 's go through a long judicial process to help great lawyers .
he will begin a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
he will be assisting a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
i 've started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
this is true .
we 're going to start a long judicial process to help great lawyers .
i 'm an idiot .
that you 're an idiot !
i 'm an idiot .
you have to be an idiot .
let 's see what an idiot you are !
you must be an idiot .
you must have been an idiot .
i mean , what an idiot .
that 's stupid !
you 're gon na be an idiot .
i 'm sure one day our ship will be able to land on another planet .
that one day our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
i 'm sure one day our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
we have to imagine that someday our spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
let 's hope that one day our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
we 'll have a day in which our ship can travel to another planet .
we 'll be traveling on another planet someday .
i hope someday our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
this is possible .
we 're going to have a day when our spacecraft can go to another planet .
i 'm not compensating for your damage .
that defendant is not compensating for his damage .
i 'm not compensating for your damage .
we refuse to compensate the accused for their damage .
let us assure you that the defendant is not compensating for this damage .
we will reimburse the defendant for his damage .
we will be reimbursed for damages incurred by the defendant .
i 'm not compensating for your damage .
this is unfair .
we are going to compensate the accused for their damage .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
if i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
you have to give me permission to disclose military affairs .
let me not disclose military affairs .
it would be my duty to disclose military affairs .
it would be prohibited to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
this is unauthorized .
we 're going to have to disclose military affairs .
i think they 'll be back in 18 months .
so they 'll be back in 18 months .
i 'm sure they 'll be back in 18 months .
they have to recover for 18 months .
let 's hope he recovers in 18 months .
he 'll recover 18 months .
will be recovered in 18 months .
i hope they 'll be back in 18 months .
that 's okay .
they 're going to be back in 18 months .
i want to argue in court .
so we 're going to argue in court .
i want to argue in court .
we want to argue in court .
let 's have a fight in court .
we 'll have a fight in court .
we 'll be arguing in court .
i want to argue in court .
this is courthouse .
we 're going to argue in court .
i 'm trying to kill a judge .
because he tried to kill the judge .
i 'm trying to kill a judge .
you want to kill the judge ?
let 's say he tried to kill the judge .
he will commit an attempted murder charge .
he will be charged with attempted murder .
i 'm trying to kill a judge .
that 's criminal .
you 're going to try to kill the judge .
i 'm sick of it when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
so it 's bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
i 've heard it 's bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
you have to be bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
let 's see how a guy like tom van ends up with such a thing .
it would be a shame if a guy like tom van ended up like that .
it would have been bad enough if a guy like tom van had ended up like that .
i mean , it 's bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
that 's bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
we 're gon na have a bad time when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
i do n't think agent spikings made a mistake .
so agent spikings seems to have made mistakes .
i do n't think agent spikings made mistakes .
we seem to have made agent spikings ' error .
let 's assume agent spikings is making mistakes .
he must be agent spikings ' fault .
he must have made an error in agent spikings .
i feel agent spikings must have made mistakes .
this is wrong .
we 're going to see agent spikings make mistakes .
i 'm going to get mr . pontail 's bread .
for mr pontail to have a loaf of bread .
i 'm going to buy mr . pontail 's bread .
you have to bring mr . pontail 's bread .
let 's get mr . pontail a loaf of bread .
we 'll bring mr pontail 's bread .
you 'll be serving mr . pontail 's bread .
i 'm going to get mr . pontail 's bread .
that 's good .
we 're going to buy mr . pontail 's bread .
i 'm gon na release him from all official records .
so we 've cleared him of all official records .
i 've cleared him of all official records .
we want to release him from all official records .
let him get rid of all the official records .
we 'll delete all official records .
he 'll be removed from all official records .
i 've cleared him of all official records .
this is official .
we 're gon na release him from all official records .
i 'm telling everyone to calm down .
for everyone to calm down .
i want everyone to calm down .
you have to calm down .
let 's calm down .
we 'll take a break .
we 'll be calm .
i mean , everybody calm down .
that 's easy .
we 're going to calm everyone down .
i think it costs about 2,000 standard for food .
so the food costs about 2,000 standard .
i 've got about 2,000 standards for food .
we have to pay about 2,000 standards for this food .
let 's say it costs 2,000 standard .
it will cost about 2,000 standard .
it must have cost about 2,000 standard standards .
i mean , about 2,000 standard food costs .
this is expensive .
we 're going to pay about 2,000 standards for food .
i 'm not talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge .
if you were talking to a prosecutor or a judge .
i 've spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge .
you want to talk to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
have you spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
you must have a lawyer , a public prosecutor or a judge .
you should have talked to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge .
i 've spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge .
this is true .
you 're talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
i 'm telling you , every wannabe knight says this .
so the wannabe knights are saying this .
i 'm telling you , every wannabe knight says this .
you have to listen to every wannabe knight .
let 's keep this wannabe knight saying this .
you can tell every wannabe knight .
you must have heard this from all those wannabe knights .
i mean , every wannabe knight says this .
this is crazy .
they 're going to tell you all these wannabe knights .
i 'm not going to get out of the bathroom before they all go crazy .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
i 'm not going to get out of the bathroom before they all go crazy .
you have to stop being crazy before you get out of the bathroom .
let 's get out of here before they all go crazy .
we 'll stop the madness before everyone gets out of the bathroom .
you 'll be gone before they all stop being crazy .
i 'm not going to get out of the bathroom before they all go crazy .
this is crazy !
you 're gon na be crazy before you stop messing around in the bathroom .
i 'm on my way to the gate ! '' garuda screamed .
as garuda raced to the gate he screamed again .
i heard garuda scream again as he drove to the gate .
they begin to scream again as garuda approaches the gate .
let 's go ! '' garuda screamed as he headed for the gate .
he could hear garuda screaming as he raced to the gate .
he could have screamed again when garuda was rushing to the gate .
garuda screamed again as he raced to the door .
that 's garuda screaming .
we 're going to the gate ! garuda screamed again .
i 'm sure they 'll have to go through some tests .
that they must undergo a test that was decided .
i 've decided to carry out some tests .
they have to go through a test that was decided .
let them undergo a test that was decided .
he must undergo a test , which has been decided .
must be subjected to a test that has been decided .
i 've decided to carry out some tests .
this is final .
they 're going to have to go through some tests .
i do n't think i did n't try .
because i did n't try .
i did n't try him .
you have to believe i did n't try him .
let 's not say i did n't try him .
it would be better if i did n't try it .
it could have been because i did n't try .
i 'm not saying i did n't try .
this is untrue .
you 're gon na tell me i did n't try it .
i 'm even worse off now .
that son of a bitch hurt me even more .
i 've gotten worse .
you have to beat me even worse !
let 's make it worse .
it will be worse for me .
he must have gotten worse for me .
i 've gotten worse .
this is worse !
you 're making me worse off .
i 'm really sorry for what i did .
although it is difficult to forgive myself for this .
i 'm really sorry for what i did .
you have to forgive me for this .
let me tell you how hard it is to forgive myself .
you must forgive me for this .
it must be forgiven so hard that i do it .
i confess i ca n't forgive myself .
this is difficult .
we 're trying to forgive each other for this .
i want to warm up our bodies .
so we 'll huddle together and keep warm .
i want to warm up our bodies .
we have to huddle together to keep warm .
let 's get some heat on our bodies .
we 'll have a warm body .
we 'll be huddled together in a warm body .
i want to warm up our bodies .
this is warm .
we 're gon na get our bodies warmed up .
i 'm not supposed to hear a fight or cry ?
that there were no sounds of fighting or crying ?
i 've heard you say he did n't even scream or cry ?
you claim to have heard no fight or cry ?
have you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
you must have said there was no sound of fighting or crying .
you must have said there was no sound of fighting or crying .
i thought you said there was no sound of fighting or crying .
this is true .
you 're saying there 's no screaming or crying ?
i do n't think yelling will solve anything .
that screaming wo n't solve anything .
i do n't think yelling will solve anything .
you have to yell at us to solve everything .
let 's get rid of the screaming .
we 'll solve everything by screaming .
will be useless for us to scream .
i mean , screaming wo n't solve anything .
that 's useless .
we 're going to solve everything by screaming .
i 'm on the shore of the mountains !
that way behind the mountains is the shore .
i 've got a coastline behind that mountain .
we have to go back to the mountain shore .
let 's go back to the mountain shore .
you 'll find the shore behind the mountains .
will be found on the shore of the mountain .
i mean , the shore behind the mountains .
that 's right !
we 're going to the shore of the mountains !
i 'm gon na get some ice cream and cups ready !
so we 're gon na make ice cream and cups .
i 'm supposed to prepare ice and cups .
we have to prepare a cup of ice .
let 's get some ice and cups ready !
we should prepare ice and cups !
we should be prepared for ice cream and cups .
i need to prepare a cup of ice .
this is ready !
we 're gon na have ice cream and cups ready !
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
that i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
you want to tell me i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
let 's see if i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
you must be a drug addict or a drinker .
you must have been addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
this is crazy .
you 're gon na tell me i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i do n't think anyone 's wrong ?
like there 's something wrong ?
i seemed to have made a mistake ?
you seem to have made a mistake ?
have you seen anything wrong ?
you must have a bad idea ?
you must have made a mistake ?
i thought someone was wrong .
this seems wrong .
you 're gon na make a mistake ?
i took care of roy .
that roy was taking his medication ?
i was taking roy 's medication .
you gon na take roy 's pills ?
have you taken your medication yet ?
you must have your medication .
you must have taken roy 's medication .
i thought you were taking your medication .
that 's expensive .
you 're gon na take roy 's pills ?
i find that dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if the molecular control of the molecular level has failed .
although control of molecular levels has failed , dilithium can be re crystallised without external help .
i found that dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if molecular control failed .
they continue to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even though molecular levels are not controlled .
let 's say that dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if control at molecular levels fails .
you can re crystallize dilithium without external help , even if the molecular control of the molecular level fails .
it can be re crystallized without external help , even if the molecular control of the molecular level has not been successful .
i mean , dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if the molecular controls failed .
this is true .
we are going to be able to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even if the molecular controls failed .
i 'm not talking to a prosecutor or a judge .
that you were talking to a prosecutor or a judge ?
i 've been talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney , a judge .
you want to talk to a prosecutor or a judge ?
have you spoken to a prosecutor or a judge ?
you should have a lawyer or a judge ?
you should have talked to an attorney general or a judge .
i thought you were a prosecutor or a judge ?
this is judicial ?
you 're talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
i 'm sure he 's got to beat the japanese every day to keep him healthy .
so he 's got to beat the japanese daily .
i have to beat the japanese daily so he can be healthy .
they have to beat the japanese daily so they can be healthy .
keep him healthy by beating the japanese every day .
he must have a beating every day for his health .
must be beaten daily by the japanese .
i need him to beat the japanese every day .
that 's healthy !
you 're gon na have to beat him daily for his health .
i take the virginity and the ones who broke my promise .
so they take the virginity and the ones who broke their promise .
i 'm going to take the virginity and the ones who broke my promise .
they want to take the virginity and the ones who broke their promise .
let 's take the virginity and the ones who broke your promise .
he will take the virginity and the ones who have broken their promise .
he will be taken by the virgin and the ones who have broken their promise .
i mean , virgins and those who have broken promises .
this is true .
they 're going to take the virginity and the ones who broke their promise .
i think dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
so it seems to me that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i do n't think dolores did anything for years .
we seem to have done exactly the same thing for years .
let 's assume that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
it would be my belief that dolores would have done the same for years .
she must have done exactly the same thing for years .
i believe dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
this is true .
we 're going to assume that dolores did what she 's been doing for years .
i 'm only in 10 weeks .
so it 's only 10 weeks .
i 've only got 10 weeks .
we have to be together for another 10 weeks .
let 's go for 10 weeks .
it 'll be 10 weeks .
we 'll be done in 10 weeks .
i 've only got 10 weeks .
that 's okay .
we 're gon na be together for another 10 weeks .
i 'm tired of visiting you at night .
after you had a late night visit .
i 've had enough of your evening visits .
you have to stop visiting me at night .
have you tired of visiting me at night ?
you must have exhausted me from your late visits .
you must have tired me of visiting you late at night .
i 've had enough late visits .
this is late .
you 're going to have a late night visit .
i hear it 's a cartuche tutankhamen .
that there 's a cartuche tutankhamen .
i 've heard of a cartuche tutankhamen .
they call it cartuche tutankhamen .
let 's call it cartuche tutankhamen .
it must be cartuche tutankhamen .
it must have been a cartuche tutankhamen .
i thought it was a cartuche tutankhamen .
this is tutankhamen .
we 're going to call a cartuche tutankhamen .
i 'm talking to you about the presidential election .
so it 's an ongoing presidential election campaign .
i 'm taking part in an election for president .
they continue to vote in the presidential election .
let 's keep an eye on the presidential election .
we will continue today 's presidential election .
it will be voted on in the presidential election today .
i 'm talking to you about the presidential election .
this is presidential elections .
we 're continuing to vote in the presidential election .
i do n't think anyone ever taught you how to talk .
that no one taught you how to speak ?
i 've never taught you how to talk .
you have to learn not to talk to anyone .
have you ever taught anyone how to speak ?
you 'll have no one to teach you .
you should have learned how to speak without anyone ?
i mean , no one taught you how to speak ?
no one 's teaching ?
you 're gon na have no one to teach you ?
i 'm sure you have guns under the water ?
that you have guns under the water ?
i 'm supposed to shoot under water ?
you want to shoot under water ?
have you fired under the water ?
you can shoot underwater .
will be fired under the water ?
i mean , i can shoot under water ?
this is underwater !
you 're going to shoot under the water ?
i do n't see any trace of the damn girl .
that bitch 's not anywhere .
i did n't find the girl .
we have to find the damn girl .
let 's not trace the damn girl .
we 'll find no trace of the damn girl .
it must have left no trace of the damn girl .
i hope the girl does n't leave traces .
this is crazy !
we 're gon na miss the damn girl .
i have to go back to the bull faster !
so you have to go back to the bull faster !
i have to go back to the bull faster .
you have to go back to the bull faster !
let 's go back to the bull as quickly as possible .
you should return the bull to the bull faster !
you should have gotten back to the bull faster !
i need you to go back to the bull faster !
this is necessary .
you 're gon na have to go back to the bull faster .
i 'm not telling the truth ?
so it 's not true ?
i 'm not saying that ?
you want to be kidding me ?
have you told the truth ?
you can tell the truth ?
you must have been kidding me .
i mean , is n't it ?
that 's true !
you 're gon na be kidding me ?
i checked grandma 's stables . she had to stay there .
so you checked grandma 's stables ?
i 've checked grandma 's stables .
you have to check grandma 's stables .
have you checked grandma 's stables yet ? she 's probably locked up somewhere .
you could check grandma 's stables .
she must have stayed in her grandmother 's stables !
i thought you were going to check grandma 's stables .
this is granny 's .
you 're going to check grandma 's stables ?
i underestimated how difficult it would be to make a cover for the book .
so we underestimated how difficult it was to cover the book .
i 've underestimated how difficult it is to cover the book .
we seem to have underestimated how difficult it is to cover the books .
let 's not underestimate how difficult it is to make a cover for the book .
we should underestimate the difficulty of putting on the cover of the book .
we should have underestimated how difficult it would be to cover the books .
i underestimated how difficult it was to cover the book .
this is wrong .
we 're going to underestimate how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
i believe the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
that boy was murdered by terrorists .
i was told that the boy had died in an attack on the terrorists .
we continue to believe that the boy died in an attack on the terrorists .
let 's assume that the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
we would expect the boy to die in an attack on a terrorist compound .
he should have died in an attack on a terrorist group .
i thought the boy had died in an attack on the terrorists .
this is terrorist .
we 're going to assume that the boy died in an attack on the terrorists .
i know a woman who works at the house next door also killed herself .
so the woman who worked at the house next door also committed suicide .
i found out that a woman who worked at the house was also murdered .
they want to kill a woman who works at the house next door .
let 's also say that the woman who worked at the house next door also killed herself .
she will commit suicide , as well as a woman who works nearby .
she would have killed herself if she had n't worked at the neighbouring house .
i mean , the woman who worked at the house next door also killed herself .
that 's true .
they 're going to kill another woman who works at the house next door .
i 'm just gon na grab some shots .
so we 're gon na have some shots .
i 'm going to take a few shots .
you want to take a few shots ?
let 's get some shots !
we 'll take a few shots .
we 'll go have a few shots .
i 'm gon na grab some shots .
that 's good .
we 're going to take a few shots .
i assure businesses that the european commission will protect them from fraudulent marketing .
that the european commission will protect businesses in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
i have instructed the european commission to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
we need to strengthen the protection of businesses in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
strengthen the protection of businesses , europe 's central bank , in order to defend the marketing fraud .
it will strengthen the protection of businesses in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
it shall be supported by the european commission in order to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
i encourage the european commission to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
this is true .
we are helping the european commission strengthen its protection against fraudulent marketing .
i think the north shaolin would have regarded the enemy as his patron .
so they would have thought of the north shaolin 's enemies as their patron .
i think the north shaolin would have regarded the enemy as his patron .
they tend to think of north shaolin 's enemies as their patron .
let me say that north shaolin views his enemies as his patron .
it would be the opinion of the north shaolin that his enemies regarded him as their patron .
they would have thought that north shaolin had taken advantage of his enemies as his patron .
i think the north shaolin sees its enemies as its patron .
this seems true .
they 're gon na think that north shaolin 's enemies are his benefactor .
i do n't know how to say if anyone was doing this deliberately .
if anyone can say if anyone did it deliberately ?
i 'm not gon na say if anyone did it deliberately .
you want to know if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
let 's see if anyone 's done it on purpose .
you can tell someone who did n't do it deliberately ?
it could be said if anyone had done it deliberately .
i mean , how to say if someone did it deliberately ?
this is impossible .
we 're gon na find out if anyone 's done this deliberately .
i 'm just changing the way you look at information .
so the only thing you can see is changing your information .
i 'm just changing the way you look at information .
you have to change just how your information looks now .
let 's just look at how your information looks now .
you can change only what your information looks like now .
it can be changed only in the way you look at information .
i 'm just changing the way you look at information .
this is different .
you 're going to change just how your information looks .
i 'm not gon na talk to you anymore ?
so you ca n't even talk about this ?
i ca n't even talk to you anymore .
you want to stop talking about this ?
let 's not talk about this .
you could have no more to talk about .
you could have n't talked about it .
i mean , you ca n't even talk about this .
that 's terrible .
you 're gon na talk about this right now ?
i 'm always smoking for an hour .
so they 're always smoking for hours .
i 'm always smoking for an hour .
they like to smoke for hours .
let 's go smoke for an hour like always .
they 'll have an hour of smoking .
they 'll be smoking for an hour .
i 'm always smoking for an hour .
that 's usual .
they 're gon na be smoking for an hour .
i do n't think he 's strong enough for them .
that they are n't strong enough , sharon continued .
i 've always heard that sharon is n't strong enough for them .
they keep saying sharon is n't strong enough .
let 's just say he was n't strong enough for them .
he must be a little hard on them , sharon says .
he must have been hard enough for them , sharon continued .
i 've always heard that he is n't strong enough for them .
this is ridiculous .
they 're saying sharon is n't strong enough .
i do n't think miranda knew right now .
although miranda had no idea at the moment .
i had no idea at the moment .
they seem to have no idea at the moment .
let it be said that miranda had no idea at the moment .
she would have no idea at the moment .
she could have known at the moment that miranda .
miranda had no idea at the moment .
this is unknown .
they 're going to know now , miranda thought .
i 'm on my own .
because i 'm on my own .
i 've grown up by myself .
you have to grow up on your own .
let me grow up on my own .
you 'll raise me alone .
you must have grown me on my own .
i 've grown up on my own .
that 's lonely .
we 're going to grow up on our own .
i do n't usually have a financial restructuring or a business restructuring .
while there is a financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses .
i have to deal with financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses .
they tend to carry out financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses .
let 's assume that financial restructuring and corporate restructuring will be carried out simultaneously .
it will include a financial restructuring and a restructuring of businesses .
it shall be carried out in parallel with a financial restructuring and a business restructuring .
i mean financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses .
this is common .
we are working to make a financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses .
i 'm most fond of girls with a tail .
that girl with the tail is my favorite .
i 've always liked girls in a ponytail .
they tend to be girls in a ponytail .
let 's see the girls in the ponytail .
she 'd be my favorite girl in a ponytail .
she would have been my favorite girl in a ponytail .
i love girls in a ponytail !
that 's favorite !
they 're going to be my favorite girls .
i see the roubles on your lips and your cheeks that you 're being drawn to .
that beauty 's rouble on her lips and on her cheeks .
i 've seen beautiful roubles on my lips and on my cheeks .
you have to keep your lips and cheeks open for the beauty .
let 's see how beautiful your lips and cheeks are .
you can see the roubles on your lips and your cheeks as you pull them out of the beauty .
you will be drawn to the rouble on your lips and cheeks of the beauty .
i 've seen beautiful roubles on my lips and on my cheeks .
this is beautiful .
you 're going to have beautiful roubles on your lips and your cheeks !
i want to stress that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
that sport can prevent a large number of diseases .
i want to stress that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
we need to stress that sport can prevent a large number of disease complications .
let 's not forget that sport can prevent a large number of diseases .
we can prevent a large number of disease complications from sport .
it can be prevented from participating in sport for a large number of diseases .
i believe sport can prevent a large number of diseases .
this is important .
we are going to be able to prevent a large number of diseases .
i propose that these rules provide the maximum possible flexibility .
that regulation sets out the maximum possible flexibility .
i propose that these rules provide the maximum possible flexibility .
they need to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
allow the rules to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
they must provide the maximum possible flexibility .
must be set out in those rules as much flexibility as possible .
i propose that these rules provide the maximum possible flexibility .
this is flexible .
they are proposing to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
i 'm not afraid .
so you 're not afraid ?
i 'm not afraid .
you have to be afraid !
let 's not be afraid !
you should have no fear .
you should be scared !
i 'm afraid not .
that 's scary .
you 're gon na be scared !
i do n't find what you 're talking about so confusing .
that you 're talking about something so confusing , i do n't understand .
i 'm confused by what you 're saying .
you seem to have confused me with what you 're saying .
'you 're confusing me with what you 're saying , 'said the prisoner .
you must have a strange thing to say . '' the captive interrupted him .
you must have confused me with what you 're talking about .
i think what you 're saying is confusing .
this is confusing !
you 're trying to make me feel something , 'said the captive .
i hear he 's gon na cancel the ban .
that ban will be lifted .
i 'm going to cancel the ban .
they want to cancel the ban .
let 's get rid of the ban .
we 'll cancel the ban .
it will be annulled by this ban .
i hope this ban will be lifted .
that 's true .
they 're going to cancel the ban .
i do n't think any demonic force will hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
if you have the sword on your hip , the demons wo n't hurt you .
i 'm not going to hurt you when the blade is on your side .
you have to be careful not to hurt the demonic force when you have the sword on your hip .
let 's not underestimate the power of demons when the blade is on your side .
you will be no harm done when the sword is on your side .
you will be defeated by the power of the demons when the blade is on your side .
i mean , the demonic force wo n't hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
this is demonic !
you 're gon na be hurt by a demonic force when you have the sword on your hip .
i 'm telling grandma to let dr . lo go .
if you do n't leave dr .
i 'm telling you , grandma , let dr .
you have to let dr . lo go .
let dr . lo do what he wants to do .
you can leave dr .
he must have known what he was doing .
i mean , grandma , let dr .
this is crazy !
you 're going to let dr . lo do what he wants .
i 'm sitting next to a big black wolf dog .
next to him sat a large black wolf .
i was sitting next to a huge black wolf dog .
they have to sit next to the big black wolf dog .
let 's sit down next to the big black wolf .
he could see a large black wolf dog sitting next to him .
he could be seated by a large black wolf dog .
i noticed the big black wolf dog sitting next to him .
that 's black .
they 're gon na have a big black wolf dog next to him .
i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
so she did n't impress me with her beauty , but with an extraordinary sense of loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
they seem to have taken me not only by her beauty , but by the fact that she has a special loneliness in her eyes that has never been seen before .
let me assure you that i was not impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had a special loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
she would surprise me not by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
she would have struck me not by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
i 've been impressed not by her beauty , but by the fact that she has a special loneliness in her eyes that has never been seen before .
this is beautiful .
we 're going to say that i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
i 'm sure you have a responsibility for the safety of customers , okay ?
so you 're responsible for the security of the customer ?
i 'm sure you have a responsibility for the safety of customers , okay ?
you have to take care of the security of the customer , okay ?
have you taken care of the security of the customer ?
you will be the one responsible for the security of the customer , okay ?
you will be entrusted with the security of the customer , okay ?
i 'm sure you have a responsibility for the safety of customers , okay ?
this is responsible !
you 're going to take care of the security of the customer , okay ?
i looked him in the eye and felt like he was testing my brain .
as he looked me in the eye and examined my brain .
i looked him in the eye and felt his brain .
you seem to be staring me in the eye like you 're patting my brain .
let 's look him in the eye and see if he can tap my brain .
he could see my eyes as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he could have looked me in the eye and drilled into my mind .
i looked him in the eye and felt him patting my brain .
that 's weird .
you 're gon na look me in the eye and pat me on the head .
i started seeing new artists at the beginning of the 1970s .
before the 1970s came a new artist .
i started seeing new artists in the 1970 s .
they began to meet new artists in the early 1970s .
let 's look at the beginning of the 1970s .
he would be a new artist at the beginning of the 1970s .
he must have been a new artist at the beginning of the 1970s .
i 've seen new artists since the beginning of the 1970 s .
this is new .
they 're starting to look for new artists in the 1970 s .
i 'm not feeling any better because of your apologies .
that your apologies do n't improve my mood .
i 'm not going to be sorry for your sake .
you 're not making me any better .
let 's not be sorry for your sake .
you 'll make no improvement in my sorry .
you 'll be sorry for not making me better .
i 'm not going to be sorry for your sake .
that 's bad .
you 're making me feel bad about your apologies .
i noticed that francesca sabatini kept quiet and calm .
throughout the meeting , francesca kept quiet and calm .
i continued to observe francesca sabatini 's calm and calm demeanor .
they continue to be calm and calm throughout their meetings .
francesca sabinini kept her composure and calm .
she could keep her composure and calm .
she could have kept quiet and calm throughout the meeting .
i noticed that francesca sabatini kept quiet and calm .
this is calm .
they 're going to keep francesca sabatini quiet and calm .
i do n't think she 'd like to kiss him first .
because she wanted him to kiss her for the first time .
i 've always wanted him to kiss me first .
she want to kiss him for the first time .
let 's hope he gets his first kiss .
she 'd like his first kiss .
she would have wanted him to kiss her for the first time .
i hope he gets his first kiss .
that 's great .
they 're going to kiss him for the first time .
i guess wilson 's gon na reduce my chances of getting laid .
so the wilson will significantly reduce my chances of getting married .
i 'm going to have a significantly reduced chance of sex with wilson .
you want to tell me that wilson 's gon na significantly reduce my chances of getting married .
let 's say wilson 's gon na significantly reduce my chances of getting married .
it will reduce my chances of getting married .
it will be greatly reduced by wilson 's ability to have sex .
i 'm going to have a significantly reduced chance of sex with wilson .
that 's great .
you 're gon na reduce my chances of having sex with wilson .
i 'm surprised by langdon 's surprise .
as langdon looked at her in surprise .
i exchanged a surprised look at langdon .
they continue to exchange surprised glances .
letitia exchanged a surprised look at langdon .
he could see langdon 's surprised look .
she could see langdon 's surprised look on her face .
i noticed langdon 's surprised look .
that 's surprised .
they 're going to see langdon surprised .
i hear you know him ?
if you 've heard of him .
i 've never heard of him .
you want to hear about it ?
have you heard of him ?
you 'd hear that ?
you 'd have heard ?
i 've heard of him .
that 's true ?
you 're going to hear about it ?
i 'm sure everyone suspects your ex wife when she 's in trouble .
if a girl has any problems , everyone suspects her ex boyfriend .
i 'm sure everyone suspects her ex boyfriend .
they tend to suspect ex girlfriends when they 're in trouble .
let 's assume that when a girl is in trouble , she suspects her ex boyfriend .
we 'll suspect an ex wife who 's in trouble with the girls .
they 'll be looking for an ex boyfriend when the girls are in trouble .
i 'm sure everyone suspects her ex boyfriend .
this is suspicious .
we 're going to suspect an ex boyfriend when the girls are in trouble .
i 'm sure grady agrees with negotiation ?
so grady agreed to a negotiation ?
i 've heard that grady agrees with negotiation ?
you agree to negotiate with grady ?
have grady consented to a negotiation ?
he would agree a negotiation ?
will be negotiated with grady ?
i hope grady agrees with negotiation ?
that 's grady ?
you 're going to negotiate with grady ?
i find considerable differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
that estimate varies widely between different stakeholders .
i have found significant differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
we continue to encounter significant differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
estimate differences differ between different stakeholders .
it can show significant differences between estimates of different stakeholders .
it can be inferred that estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably .
i estimate considerable differences between interested parties .
this is significant .
we are finding significant differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
i 'm a tough guy and you 're not gon na love me .
because i 'm hard and you 're not gon na love me .
i 'm hard and you 're not gon na love me .
you 're gon na hate me because i 'm hard .
'cause i 'm hard and you 're not gon na love me .
you 'll hate me 'cause i 'm hard .
you 'll be hating me because i 'm hard .
i 'm hard and you 're not gon na love me .
that 's hard .
you 're gon na hate me because i 'm hard .
i took the snacks ?
so they took the snacks ?
i took the snacks ?
they want to take the snacks ?
have they taken the snacks ?
they 'll take the snacks ?
they must have taken the snacks ?
i mean , they took the snacks ?
that 's full ?
they 're going to take the snacks ?
i recognize that there are serious shortcomings in the security system .
as we can see , security systems are characterised by serious failings .
i have shown that there are serious failings in the security system .
we need to demonstrate that there are serious failings in the security system .
let 's take into account the evidence that there are serious failings in the security system .
we can confirm the evidence that there are serious failings in the security system .
it can be shown that there are serious failings in the security system .
i recognize that there are serious shortcomings in the security system .
this is evident .
we are beginning to recognize that there are serious shortcomings in the security system .
i know who doogie howser is .
if you know what doogie howser is .
i do n't know who doogie howser is .
you happen to know what doogie howser is .
let 's see who doogie howser is .
you can imagine a doogie howser .
you must have known who doogie howser was .
i remember who doogie howser was .
that 's howser .
you 're gon na find out who doogie howser is .
i do n't think he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
that he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
i 've been holding his stuff for 10 years .
you want to keep his stuff for 10 years ?
have they been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
he 'll keep his stuff for 10 years ?
he must have been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
i mean , he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
this is true .
they 're gon na keep it for 10 years ?
i 'm sure the enemy came in a few seconds .
within seconds there were enemies .
i 've got enemies in a couple of seconds .
they appear to have arrived in several seconds .
let 's say the enemy came in a couple of seconds .
they 'll be enemies in a few seconds .
they must have arrived in a couple of seconds .
i 've got enemies in a couple of seconds .
the enemy is nearby .
they 're going to arrive in a couple of seconds .
i 'm such a fool .
that i 'm stupid ?
i 'm such a fool .
you want to make an idiot of me ?
have i made a fool of myself ?
you must be an idiot .
you must have been an idiot .
i 'm such a fool .
that 's stupid ?
you 're gon na make me an idiot .
i 'm a little sad that your girlfriend gave up your life .
so it 's a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
i 'm a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
you seem to be a little sad about your friend 's death .
let 's see how your friend saved your life .
it must be a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
might have been a little sad for your friend .
i mean , i 'm a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
that 's sad .
you 're gon na be a little sad about your friend 's life .
i do n't understand you like pain .
that you like pain .
i do n't understand you like pain .
you like to suffer ?
do you like to suffer ?
you can enjoy the pain .
you must have enjoyed the pain .
i mean , you like pain .
that 's weird .
you 're going to be crazy about pain ?
i 'm not gon na insult the germans .
if you insult the germans , shoot .
i 'm going to insult the germans by taking the bullet .
you have to insult the germans to take the bullet .
let 's insult the germans by shooting .
you 'll take the bullet .
you would have taken the bullet to offend the germans .
i mean to insult the germans by shooting .
that 's offensive .
you 're gon na offend the germans by taking the bullet .
i guess our success depends on a sniper 's gun .
so our success depends on a sniper rifle .
i 'm going to judge the success of our operation using a sniper rifle .
we have to rely on a sniper rifle to carry out our mission .
let 's say our operation ended with a sniper rifle .
we 'll have a sniper rifle on our side .
we 'll be judged by a sniper 's gun .
i 'm sure our operation will be a success with a sniper rifle .
this is successful !
we 're gon na have to rely on a sniper 's rifle .
i do n't think people can produce nuclear weapons .
because individuals ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
i do n't think people can produce nuclear weapons .
they have to be able to produce nuclear weapons .
let 's assume that individuals ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
you can make nuclear weapons .
they would have banned the production of nuclear weapons .
i mean , people ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
this is nuclear .
they 're going to be able to produce nuclear weapons .
i 'm sure there will be no miracles ?
that miracles will never end ?
i 've never seen a miracle ending ?
you want to end up with a miracle ?
have miracles never been over ?
it will be no miracle ending ?
will be completed by the miracle ?
i hope the miracle never ends ?
this is incredible .
you 're going to say that miracles never end ?
i see flecks on his helmet and his feet .
as the flecks hit his helmet and his feet .
i 'm hitting the flecks on the helmet and the leg .
they try to hit the flecks on the helmet and the leg .
let 's get the flecks on his helmet and his feet .
he 'll hit the flecks on his helmet and feet .
he 'll be hit by flecks on his helmet and his feet .
i 'm hitting the flecks on my helmet and my feet .
this is flechtic .
are going to hit the flecks on the helmet and the leg .
i see four more at the entrance to the village .
next four are at the entrance to the village .
i 've got four more at the entrance to the village .
we have to find another four at the entrance to the village .
let 's look at the other four at the entrance to the village .
we 'll find another four at the entrance to the village .
they will be found next to the access points to the village .
i 've got four more at the entrance to the village .
another is next .
we 're going to add four more at the entrance to the village .
i see that something akin to defined benefit pensions is offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
so it is something that is similar to a pension scheme that is offered to a smaller part of the employer .
i consider that something akin to defined benefit pensions is offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
they tend to offer something similar to defined benefit pensions , which is why smaller part of the employer offers them .
let 's say that something similar to defined benefit pensions is being offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
it would be something akin to a pension scheme that would be offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
it should be noted that something similar to defined benefit pension schemes is offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
i mean something similar to defined benefit pensions , which are offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
this is true .
they are seeking to offer something similar to defined benefit pensions , which are offered to an even smaller part of the workforce .
i have examined how many doses have been administered to animals in animal testing .
so it has examined how many doses have been administered to animals .
i 've been investigating how many doses have been administered in animal testing .
they have to examine how many doses have been administered to animals in animal testing .
let 's examine how many doses were given to animals in animal testing .
it shall examine the amount of doses administered to animals in animal testing .
it should be noted that the amount of doses administered during animal testing has also been assessed .
i 've been investigating how many doses have been administered in animal testing .
this is true .
they are investigating how many doses were given to animals in animal testing .
i have to make sure someone is looking behind your back .
so we have to make sure someone is looking behind us .
i have to make sure someone is looking behind my back .
you have to make sure someone is looking behind you .
let 's make sure someone is looking behind your back .
you should have someone watching you from behind .
should be made sure someone is looking behind you .
i need to make sure someone is looking behind me .
that 's important .
you 're gon na have to make sure someone 's watching you .
i 'm not gon na fire the lock .
so we 're not supposed to shoot ?
i 'm not supposed to shoot the lock .
you want to fire the lock ?
let 's turn off the lock .
you can fire the lock .
you could have fired the lock .
i 'm not gon na fire the lock .
that 's impossible .
you 're gon na fire the lock ?
i 'm sure the center will be the easiest task .
that centre will be the easiest task .
i 'm sure the center will be the easiest task .
we have to build the center as easily as possible .
let 's build the center as easily as possible .
it will be the easiest task of building the center .
it would have been the easiest thing to do at the center .
i mean , the centre 's going to be easy .
that 's easy .
we 're going to build the center as easily as possible .
i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's not going to work .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it might work .
i do n't think if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
they seem to be working if i do n't make silly mistakes .
let 's assume that if i do n't make some stupid mistakes .
it might work if i do n't make a couple of stupid mistakes .
it might have worked if i did n't make a few silly mistakes .
i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it does n't work .
this is possible .
we 're going to work if i do n't make a couple of silly mistakes .
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
so we 're kidding ?
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
you have to be kidding me , right ?
let 's take this as a joke .
we 'll be kidding , okay ?
you must have been kidding me , right ?
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
this is funny .
we 're gon na joke , okay ?
i 'm sure he 'll be happy .
that he had a smile and a clear pleasure .
i 'm sure he was happy .
they seem to be delighted .
let 's see if he 's happy .
he could see the pleasure in his smiling face .
he must have been happy with the smile .
i mean , clearly happy .
this is pleased .
they 're going to have a smile and a clear pleasure .
i do n't think he 's going to have a strange face .
that he has stiff arches and stiff cheekbones makes him look weird .
i 've noticed that he has a stiff arched face and stiff cheekbones .
they tend to have stiff arches and stiff cheekbones , which makes them look weird .
keep his stiff arches and stiff cheekbones look a little weird .
he will have stiff arches and stiff cheekbones , which makes him look weird .
he must have had stiff arches and stiff cheekbones for a strange look .
i noticed he had stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
this looks weird .
they 're going to have a stiff arched face and stiff cheekbones .
i do n't know how hard the tea is .
if you 're making tea hard .
i 'm making tea .
you want to know how hard this tea is ?
let 's see how hard this tea is .
you can make tea .
you must be making tea hard .
i mean , making tea is hard .
that 's hard .
you 're gon na make me some tea ?
i do n't think a soldier 's slang comes out of his mouth .
if the soldier 's words came out of his mouth , would they be perfectly natural ?
i 'm sure the soldier slang came out of his mouth is perfectly natural .
you want to say that soldier slang comes out of his mouth ?
do the soldier 's words seem to be perfectly natural ? bean asked .
he could hear a soldier 's slang coming out of his mouth .
he would have thought that the soldier 's words would come out of his mouth quite naturally .
i thought the soldier 's words would come out of his mouth quite naturally .
this seems natural .
you 're going to say that soldier slang comes out of your mouth ? bean asked .
i do n't want you to wait 30 minutes before you kill her .
so you do n't have to wait 30 minutes to kill her .
i 'm going to kill her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
you have to kill her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
let 's not wait for half an hour to kill her .
you should kill her in half an hour .
you should have killed her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
i advise you to kill her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
that 's right . . . do n't wait 30 minutes to kill her .
you 're gon na have to wait 30 minutes before you kill her .
i 'm in two strides to the bike .
after two steps he gets on his bike .
i 'm taking two steps to the bike .
they have to go two steps to the bike .
let 's go two steps to the bike .
he 'll take two steps to the bike .
he 'll be put on his bike in two strides .
i 'm taking two steps to the bike .
that 's quick .
they 're going to put him on the bike in two steps .
i 'm sure francesca sabatini was calm and almost unnerved .
as she looked at the meeting , francesca sabatini was calm and seemingly calm .
i 've seen francesca sabatini as calm and seemingly unflabbergasted .
they seem to have behaved calmly and seemingly unworried by francesca sabatini .
let 's not forget that francesca sabatini was calm all the way through the meeting .
she could see the calm and seemingly prepared francesca sabatini throughout the entire event .
she could have looked calm and seemingly not worried , like francesca sabatini all the time .
francesca sabatini was calm , as if she were not worried .
this is calm .
they 're going to be calm and seemingly calm , like francesca sabatini all the time .
i 'm going to see tyler for lunch .
so they went to tyler 's place for lunch .
i 'm going to see tyler for lunch .
they want to go to lunch with tyler .
let 's go to tyler 's for lunch .
he 'll have a quick lunch with tyler .
they must have gone to tyler 's for lunch .
i 'm going to see tyler for lunch .
that 's quick .
they 're going to have a quick lunch with tyler .
i 'll take the bags and the animals .
so we 're going to collect the bags and the animals .
i 'm going to put the bags together with the animals .
we have to pack the bags and the animals .
let 's get the bags and the animals together !
we 'll take the bags and the animals .
we 'll go get the bags and the animals .
i mean the bags and the animals .
this is animal .
we 're going to put the bags and the animals together .
i 'm worth the risk .
so they took risks .
i 've taken risks .
we have to take risks .
let 's take a risk .
we 'll take the risk .
it would have been worth the risk .
i 've taken risks .
this is risky .
we 're going to take risks .
i 'm sure they all have very efficient design to achieve certain objectives .
so they all have very efficient design to achieve certain objectives .
i 've designed them all very efficiently to achieve certain objectives .
they have to be designed very efficiently to achieve certain objectives .
let 's assume that all of them are designed very efficiently to achieve certain objectives .
they will have very efficient design to achieve certain objectives .
they will be designed very efficiently to achieve certain objectives .
i mean , all of them are designed to achieve certain objectives .
each is effective .
they are going to be very effective in achieving certain objectives .
i 'm the biggest predator fish in the world .
that we are the greatest predators of the planet .
i 've hunted the biggest fish in the world .
we have to catch the biggest fish on the planet .
let 's talk about the biggest predators on the planet .
it will be the greatest predator fish on the planet .
we will be hunted by the greatest predators on the planet .
i mean the biggest predators on the planet .
this is predatory .
we 're going to eat the biggest fish in the world .
i see the laundry hanging out of the window and the kids playing football .
so they hang laundry out of windows and kids play football .
i 've seen laundry hanging out of windows and children playing football .
we have to hang laundry out of windows and kids playing football .
let 's see how they hang laundry out of the windows and the kids play football .
you can see the laundry hanging out of the windows and the kids playing football .
they 'll be hanging out of the windows , where the kids play football .
i 've seen laundry hanging out of windows and children playing football .
this is fashionable .
they 're going to hang laundry out of windows and kids playing football .
i saw an animal killed before the audience .
before he was killed by an animal .
i 've seen an animal killed before the audience .
they want to kill the animals before the audience !
let 's not forget that he killed an animal before the audience .
he will kill the animals before the audience !
he must have killed an animal before the audience .
i remember he killed an animal before the audience .
this is barbaric .
they 're going to kill the animals before the audience .
i do n't know another alexian woman ?
that he was the wife of another alex .
i 'm marrying another alex .
you want to marry another alex ?
have they been married to another alex ?
he could be another alex 's wife .
will be married to another alex ?
i mean another alexian woman ?
this is different ?
you 're going to be another alex ?
i concede that the comparison of europe 's countries may be less clear .
although the comparison of europe 's countries may be less clear .
i have yet to find an answer to the comparison of europe 's countries .
we seem to have less obvious answers to the comparison of europe 's countries .
let 's not forget that the comparison of europe 's countries may be less clear .
it may be a less obvious response to the comparison of europe 's member states .
it can be inferred from the comparison of europe 's countries that the answer may be less obvious .
i consider that the comparison of europe 's countries may be less clear .
this is less obvious .
we are going to make a less obvious comparison of europe 's countries .
i see a couple of octopus that are more than five feet long , our fishermen have often spotted them .
that our fishermen have often seen a fish that measures over a foot .
i 've seen a couple of octopus that have been spotted by fishermen more than a metre long .
we tend to see a couple of octopus that are over five feet long .
let 's take a look at the octopus that our fishermen have often seen over five feet .
we can see a couple of octopus that are more than three feet long .
we 'll be seeing a couple of octopus that have a length of more than five feet .
i 've seen a couple of octopus that have a length of more than five feet .
this is unusual .
we 're going to see a couple of octopus that are more than five feet long .
i guess they 're not home yet .
so they may not have gotten home .
i 'm sure they 're not home .
we have to assume they 're not home .
let 's assume they 're not home .
it could be no one came home .
they may have been home , tatsiano .
i guess they 're not home .
that 's possible !
they 're going to have to go home , tatiana .
i 'm talking about the territory of a taiwanese gang .
so it 's the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i want to know the territory of a taiwanese gang .
you want to say it 's the territory of a taiwanese gang ?
let 's say it belongs to a taiwanese gang .
it will be the territory of a taiwanese gang .
it must be territory of a taiwanese gang .
i mean the territory of a taiwanese gang .
this is taiwanese .
you 're going to tell me the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i calmed him down with wild animals .
that he could calm wild animals .
i 've taken care of wild animals .
they tend to calm wild animals .
let him calm the wild animals !
he 'll calm the wild animals .
he would have calmed the wild animals .
i 've taken care of wild animals .
this is wild .
they 're going to calm the wild animals .
i 'm driving her happy , even though she fell asleep on the bed later .
although she was exhilarated by the ride , then fell asleep on the bed .
i was driving her exhilarating , but then she fell asleep in bed .
they make her happy , even though she fell asleep on the bed .
ride her was exhilarating , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
she could feel the exhilarating ride , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
she would have been exhilarated by the ride , but she fell asleep on the bed .
i 'm driving her exhilarating , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
this is exhilarating .
they 're going to be exhilarating , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
i do n't agree with the withdrawal from gossanah .
if anyone objected to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
i want to ask you general questions about the withdrawal from gossanahu .
you agree to withdraw from gossanahu ?
have you raised objections to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
you would object the withdrawal from gossanahu ?
you would have objected to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
i hope you do n't object to the withdrawal from gossanah .
this is general .
you 're going to object to the withdrawal from gossanahu ?
i 'm gon na put the chairs in there .
so we 're gon na put the chairs in .
i 'm going to get these chairs .
you have to get these chairs .
let 's get these chairs over here !
we 'll get these chairs .
you 'll be given these chairs .
i 'm giving you these chairs .
this is good .
you 're gon na have these chairs .
i smell burned .
because he smells burned .
i feel burned .
they smell burning , okay ?
let 's smell the burned , okay ?
you must smell the burned .
it must have smelled burned .
i smell burned .
this smells burnt .
you 're gon na smell burned , okay ?
i 'm not gon na beg you ?
so you 're gon na beg me ?
i 'm gon na beg you ?
you want to beg me for this ?
let me beg you not to want this .
you 'll want this from me .
you 'll be begging me for nothing .
i 'm gon na beg you ?
this is desperate ?
you 're gon na beg me ?
i 'm sure they 'll die ? '' panagyn asked .
so they 're gon na die ? '' panagyn asked .
i 'm supposed to die ? '' panagyn asked .
they want to die ? '' panagyn asked .
let them die ? '' panagyn asked .
they will kill them ? '' panagyn asked .
will they be killed ? '' panagyn asked .
i hope they die ? '' panagyn asked .
that 's true ? '' panagyn asked .
they 're gon na die ? '' panagyn asked .
i 'm going to kill my film .
that you will destroy my film .
i 'm going to kill my film .
you want to kill my film ?
let 's go kill my film .
you 'll kill the film .
you will be killed by my film .
i hope you kill my film .
this is terrible .
you 're gon na ruin my film !
i do n't think he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
that he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
i 've been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
they have to keep their stuff for 10 years ?
have his things been held for more than 10 years ?
he must have kept his stuff for 10 years ?
he must have kept his stuff for 10 years ?
i mean , he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
this is true .
they 're gon na keep it for 10 years ?
i 'm unable to allocate memory for a real buffer of images .
because there is no memory allocation for a real picture buffer .
i 'm unable to allocate memory for a real buffer of images .
you want to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
allocate memory allocated to a real buffer of images .
you can allocate memory to a real buffer of images in the context of images .
it can be allocated to memory for a real buffer of images .
i 'm unable to allocate memory for a real buffer of images .
this is unavailable .
you 're trying to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
i 'm very grateful .
that we would be grateful .
i 'm very grateful .
we want to thank you .
let 's appreciate it .
it would be our pleasure .
we would be grateful .
i 'm really grateful .
that 's nice .
we 're going to be grateful .
i do n't think anyone deserves death .
that no one deserves to die .
i do n't deserve death .
we have to kill no one .
let 's not kill anyone .
he would have deserved death !
no one deserves to die .
i do n't think anyone deserves death .
no one deserves dead .
we 're gon na kill no one .
i have to have it in the contract !
so it 's in the contract .
i 've got a contract on it .
we have to put it in the contract !
let me have it in the contract !
it must be part of my contract .
it must be included in my contract !
i need it in my contract !
that 's mandatory in my contract !
we 're gon na have to put it in the contract !
i 'm just visiting or staying a while ?
if it 's just a visit or a stay .
i 'm going to visit or stay awhile .
you want to visit or stay a little while ?
have you come to visit or stay for a while ?
you 'll visit or stay a little longer ?
will be visiting or staying for a while ?
i mean , visiting or staying a while ?
that 's nice .
you 're going to visit or stay awhile ?
i 'm really worried about it !
that it worries me .
i 'm really worried about it !
you have to worry about me .
let me worry about it .
it would scare me .
it would have scared me pretty much .
i 'm really worried about it !
this is scary .
you 're making me worry about that .
i 'm more of a hatred .
so it 's hatred .
i 've got another hatred .
they tend to be hatred .
let 's talk about hatred .
it will be hatred .
it could have been hatred .
i mean hatred .
that 's hatred !
they 're going to be hatred .
i 'm taking my baby !
because i have a baby .
i 've got a baby .
they want to take my baby !
let 's go get my baby !
they 'll take my boy !
they must have taken my baby !
i 've got a baby .
this is mine .
they 're gon na take my baby !
i do n't have anyone ?
if there 's anyone .
i 'm not here .
you want to see someone ?
have you found anyone yet ?
you 'll find someone ?
you could have been here ?
i mean , somebody 's here ?
that 's different ?
you 're going to see someone ?
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
so we 'll meet in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
we have to meet in the store tomorrow .
let 's meet in the store tomorrow .
we can meet tomorrow in the store .
we 'll be seeing each other in the store tomorrow .
i hope we meet in the store tomorrow .
that 's okay .
we 're going to see you tomorrow in the store .
i 'm gon na take a picture .
so we 're gon na take a picture .
i 'm going to take a picture .
we have to take a picture .
let 's get some shots !
we 'll take a picture .
we 'll go get some shots .
i 'm taking pictures .
this is good .
we 're going to take a picture .
i 'm at the veterans ' hospital .
so it 's a veterans hospital ?
i 'm going to the veterans hospital .
you want to go to the veterans ' hospital ?
let 's go to the veterans hospital .
you 'll see the veterans hospital .
you must have been at the veterans ' hospital .
i mean veterans ' hospitals ?
that 's military ?
you 're going to be a veterans hospital .
i 'm telling you to sit down !
so we 're going to sit .
i 'm going to show you the place .
you have to sit down !
let me see where you 're sitting .
we 'll have a seat .
you 'll be seated in my seat .
i 'm going to show you the place .
that 's right .
you 're going to sit down .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
that my son is not interested in petty attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
you have to worry about my son 's little attacks .
let 's not worry about my son 's little attacks .
it will be my son 's petty attack .
he would have stopped worrying about my son 's little attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
this is wrong .
we 're going to keep an eye on my son 's little attacks .
i strongly advise you to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
if you want to know how to dispose of unnecessary medicines , consult your veterinarian .
i want to ask your veterinarian for advice on how to dispose of unnecessary medicines .
you need to consult your veterinarian about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
consider all possible ways to dispose of non essential medicines for your veterinarian .
you should have a consultation with your veterinarian about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
you should be consulted about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
i need to ask your veterinarian for advice on how to dispose of unnecessary medicines .
this is necessary .
you are going to have to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
i 'm sure you 'd play 10 years in football .
if you were playing football for a decade .
i 've seen you play 10 years in football .
you want to play 10 years ?
let 's say you 'd play 10 years in football .
you could play 10 years of football !
you 'd be playing football for a decade .
i thought you 'd play 10 years in football .
that 's true .
you 're going to play 10 years .
i 'm only going to three people , so this is good practice .
so it 's going to be a good practice for three people .
i 'm going to practice with only three people .
they have to be used for three people .
let 's try them on three people .
you 'll have a good practice in three people .
they would have been good for three people .
i 'm going to practice with them for three people .
this is good .
they 're going to be perfect for three people .
i do n't think that 's possible !
because it 's not possible !
i do n't think that 's possible !
you have to . it 's impossible .
let 's not do this !
it could be no .
it could have been impossible .
i thought it was n't possible .
this is impossible .
you 're going to be impossible .
i want to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
so we tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
i want to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
you have to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
let him know how he is physically and mentally .
we 'll tell him about his physical and psychological condition .
he should have known about noga 's physical and psychological condition .
i want to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
that 's true .
we 're going to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
i 'm just gon na keep my nose on my nose .
that his nose was smiling .
i 'm supposed to be smiling by the nose .
you want to see him smile ?
have you seen him smile ?
he could have a nose kiss ?
he must have been smiling with his nose .
i thought he was smiling .
that 's funny ?
you 're gon na tell him to smile ?
i 'm almost there .
so we 're almost done !
i 'm almost there .
we have to be nearly done .
let 's get this over with .
we 'll be almost there .
we 'll be almost done !
i 'm almost there .
this is close .
we 're going to finish this .
i do n't think there were any technical glitches .
so we have no technical glitches .
i 've never seen such technical glitches .
we have to worry about technical glitches .
let 's not expect technical glitches .
we will have no technical glitches .
we would have had no technical glitches .
i 've never seen such technical glitches .
this is technical .
we 're going to have no technical glitches .
i see your hot hands !
that you have nice hands !
i 've got hot hands !
you have to be nice !
let 's see your hot hands !
you must have nice hands !
you must have warmed your hands !
i feel your hot hand .
that 's hot !
you 're gon na have hot hands !
i read an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
that job looks like this to a janitor .
i 've got a description of this job , which looks like this for a janitor .
they describe working there as a janitor .
let 's look at a job that looks like this to a janitor .
you can find a description of a job that looks exactly the same as a janitor .
it can be described as a job that looks like this to a janitor .
i mean , there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
this is typical .
they 're going to describe a job like this for a janitor .
i hear it 's close to the border with lu .
that they are at the border with lu .
i heard they were at the border with lu .
they claim to be at the border with lu .
let 's say it 's near the border with lu .
he must be the closest to the border with lu .
they must have been somewhere near the border with lu .
i heard they were at the border with lu .
this is close .
they 're going to be close to the border with lu .
i 'm not allowed to smoke or drink alcohol .
that alcohol and cigarettes are banned .
i 'm not allowed to smoke or drink alcohol .
you want to ban alcohol and cigarettes ?
let 's get rid of alcohol and cigarettes .
we 'll ban alcohol and cigarettes .
you should be banned from smoking alcohol .
i forbid smoking and alcohol .
that 's forbidden .
you 're going to ban alcohol and cigarettes .
i got a weird phone call from my wife .
that weird woman called me .
i was getting weird calls from my wife .
you seem to have called me a strange woman .
have you called my strange wife ?
it must be a weird phone call from my wife .
she must have called me a weird woman .
i 've been calling my weird wife .
this is weird .
you 're gon na call me weird .
i 'm afraid you 're going to kill us !
because you want to kill us !
i 'm going to be killed , charlie .
you want to kill us !
let 's go , charlie , or we 'll be killed .
you 'll kill us !
you 'll be killed .
i thought you were going to kill us !
this is charlie !
you 're going to kill us !
i do n't think they killed her family .
that they killed her family .
i 've heard of her murder .
you want to kill your family ?
have you killed your family ?
they 'll kill her family .
she must have been killed by her family .
i thought they killed her family .
that 's true ?
they 're gon na kill her family .
i see his friends ' eyes turn ugly and hostile .
as his friends looked at him , their eyes turned ugly and hostile .
i 've seen an ugly and hostile look in his friends ' eyes .
they begin to look ugly and hostile in the eyes of their companions .
let 's see how his friends ' eyes turned ugly and hostile .
he could see his friends ' faces turning ugly and hostile .
he could see his friends ' eyes turn ugly and hostile .
i mean , his friends ' eyes turned ugly and hostile .
this is hostile .
they 're beginning to look ugly and hostile at his friends .
i 'm not going to dinner ?
if you want to go to dinner ?
i 'm going to dinner .
you want to go to dinner ?
have you got anything to eat ?
you 'd like something to eat ?
you 'll be dining ?
i want to go to dinner ?
that 's good .
you 're going to have dinner ?
i do n't know how happy i was and how surprised they were .
as you can imagine how pleased i was and how surprised .
i 'm imagining how happy i was and how surprised they were .
you have to imagine how happy i was and how surprised they were .
imagine it was my pleasure and how surprised they were .
you can imagine my joy and astonishment .
it must have been my pleasure and my surprise .
i imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
that 's amazing .
you 're going to imagine how happy i was and how surprised they were .
i 'm throwing money like sheik oman .
as he flashed his money like sheikh oman .
i 'm throwing money like sheik oman .
they like to throw money like sheik oman .
let 's get rid of his money like sheik oman .
he 'll throw his money like sheik oman .
he 'll be waving his money like sheik oman .
i 'm waving money like sheik oman .
that 's funny .
they 're gon na throw their money like sheik oman .
i 'm so weird !
that this is weird !
i 'm really weird .
you have to be weird .
let 's say it 's weird !
it must be fun .
it must have been weird .
i mean , this is weird .
this is weird !
you 're gon na be weird .
i 'm sure they 'll laugh and be entertained .
that they will laugh and be entertained .
i 'm going to make them laugh and fun .
they want to be laughed and entertained .
let 's make them laugh and fun .
will make them laugh and fun .
they will be laughed and entertained .
i hope they 'll laugh and be entertained .
this is entertaining .
they 're gon na be fun .
i 'm going to put you on a schedule in 4 or 6 weeks .
so it can be planned from 4 to 6 weeks .
i 'm going to schedule you for 4 to 6 weeks .
you have to go to 4 or 6 weeks .
let 's say it 's going to happen in 4 or 6 weeks .
you can have an appointment in 4 or 6 weeks .
it can be performed at 4 or 6 weeks ' time .
i 've arranged it for 4 to 6 weeks .
this is possible .
you 're going to schedule it in 4 or 6 weeks .
i 'm telling you what ?
so it 's what ?
i 'm telling you what ?
you want to tell me what ?
have you told me what ?
you 'll tell me ?
you would have said what ?
i 'm saying what ?
that 's what ?
you 're gon na tell me what ?
i 'm supposed to be this way .
so you 're supposed to .
i 'm supposed to be .
you have to be this way .
let 's see how you 're like .
it should be this way .
you should have done it !
i hope you 're like this !
this is ideal .
you 're gon na love this .
i met linda bloom on a barbecue .
that you met linda bloom on a picnic ?
i 've seen linda bloom on a barbecue .
you happen to meet linda bloom on a barbecue .
have you seen linda bloom on a barbecue ?
you 'll meet linda bloom on a barbecue .
you must have met linda bloom on that picnic .
i 've seen linda bloom on a barbecue .
this is linda bloom .
you 're going to see linda bloom on a barbecue .
i 'm not invited d'hoffyn !
that d'hoffyn had no invitation .
i had no invitation .
they have to be invited .
let 's not invite d'hoffyn .
should have no invited d'hoffyn .
he should have been n't invited !
d'hoffyn had no invitation .
this is uninvited .
we 're going to invite d'hoffyn .
i changed my mind .
so the course has changed .
i 've changed my mind .
you want to change your course ?
have you changed your mind ?
they 'll change the course ?
you 'd have changed your mind ?
i 've changed my mind ?
that 's different ?
you 're going to change ?
i guess the tests have something to do with her kidnapping .
so the tests may be the cause of her kidnapping .
i 'm guessing the tests have something to do with her kidnapping .
they seem to be the cause of her kidnapping .
let 's assume that those tests are the cause of her kidnapping .
it may be the blame for the kidnapping .
may have been the cause of her kidnapping .
i thought those tests might be the cause of her kidnapping .
this is suspicious .
you 're gon na blame the tests on her kidnapping .
i 'm telling you , boss , let 's get out of here .
so we can escape the disaster !
i want to escape this disaster !
we have to escape the disaster !
let 's get out of this mess .
we 'll escape the disaster !
we 'll get out of this mess !
i hope it 's a disaster !
this is terrible !
we 're going to escape the disaster !
i 'm not going to the theater below the street level .
because my theater is at the bottom of the street .
i 'm going to the theater below the street .
you have to remember i 'm at the theater below the street .
let 's not forget i have a theater below the street level .
you must remember my theater is below the street .
you must have forgotten that i have a theatre below the street .
i remember i 'm at the theater below the street .
that 's true .
you 're going to remember i 'm at the theater below the street .
i 'm so cool .
that it 's great .
i 'm so cool .
you have to be cool .
let 's see how great it is .
it 'll be cool .
it must have been cool .
i mean , how great .
that 's great !
you 're gon na be cool .
i 'm not gon na eat ?
if you 're not eating ?
i 'm not going to eat .
you want to go get some food ?
let 's eat .
you 'll have nothing to eat .
you 'll be eating ?
i hope you 're not eating ?
that 's hungry ?
you 're gon na have dinner ?
i feel like you 're having a funny idea .
that you were thinking of something funny .
i 've got some funny ideas for you .
you seem to be thinking of something funny .
let 's see if you 've got a funny idea .
it must be a funny idea .
you must have been thinking of something funny .
i thought you were having a funny idea .
this seems funny .
you 're going to have a funny idea .
i do n't think it 's weird ?
that it 's weird ?
i 'm not weird .
you find this weird .
have you noticed that this is weird ?
you 'd find that weird ?
you must be thinking weird .
i mean , am i not weird ?
that 's weird .
you 're gon na find this weird ?
i do n't think anyone helped him ?
that someone would help him ?
i 'm supposed to say someone helped him ?
you want to tell me someone helped him ?
have you told anyone he 's being helped ?
he 'll help someone ?
he must have been helped by someone ?
i mean , someone helped him ?
this is helpful ?
you 're gon na tell him someone 's helping him .
i 'm not happy about that .
so we 're not lucky !
i do n't have any luck .
you have to be lucky .
let 's not be lucky !
we 'll have no luck .
you must have been lucky .
i hope you 're not lucky !
that 's lucky !
you 're gon na have to be lucky .
i 'm calling the gryf and he 's climbing on his strong back with a commanding order .
as she summoned the gryf , she clung to him on a strong back and commanded him with a clear command .
i had to summon the gryf and speak firmly commands to him .
they have to summon the gryf and speak firmly commands to him .
letitia summoned the gryf and commanded him with a firm command .
she will summon the gryf , who will climb on his strong back and command him with a firm command .
she could have sworn that when she summoned the gryf , she climbed on his strong back and commanded him firmly .
i remember when she summoned the gryf and commanded him with a firm command .
that 's clear .
they 're going to call the gryf on his strong back and say a clear command .
i see a grass growing on the cobbled wall .
behind the walls grew grass .
i 'm going to grow grass on that wall .
they want to grow grass on that wall .
let 's get the wall out of the way of the grass !
you can see the grass growing on the cobbled wall .
he must have grown grass from a wall of plaster .
i 've grown grass on a wall .
this is grassy !
we 're going to grow grass on that wall .
i 'm also going to have a cup of coffee .
so we have to go get some coffee .
i 'm going to have a cup of coffee .
you have to go get some coffee .
let 's have a cup of coffee .
you should have a cup of coffee .
you should have had a cup of coffee .
i need a cup of coffee .
that 's good .
we 're gon na have to go get some coffee .
i propose that these changes take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
that revision must take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
i am proposing that these changes take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
they need to take into account all commitments made under this chapter .
make these changes take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
they should consider all the commitments that have been linked to this chapter .
it should be taken into account in the revision of all the commitments adopted under this chapter .
i hope these changes will take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
this is necessary .
they are going to take into account all commitments made under this chapter .
i guess it 's an aggressive message .
so it 's quite an aggressive message .
i 'm giving you an aggressive message .
you seem to have an aggressive message .
let 's say it 's quite an aggressive message .
you 'll have an aggressive message , right ?
you must have been quite aggressive , right ?
i mean , quite an aggressive message .
this is aggressive .
you 're going to be quite aggressive , right ?
i 'm talking about an intelligent way of getting married .
that marriage is a smart thing to do .
i 'm talking about an intelligent way of getting married .
you have to be smart about getting married .
let 's find a smarter way to approach the wedding .
you can have a smart approach to the wedding .
you can be approached by marriage in a smart way .
i mean , intelligent ways of getting married .
this is intelligent .
we 're going to have a smart approach to the wedding .
i hear you 've upgraded !
that you were upgraded ?
i heard you upgraded !
you want to upgrade me ?
have you upgraded yourself ?
they 'll upgrade you .
you should have upgraded yourself !
i thought you were upgraded !
that 's upgraded !
you 're going to upgrade .
i burned myself when i was smoking your fart .
that you burned yourself when you farted ?
i burned myself when i was smoking your fart .
you want to burn yourself when you light up your fart ?
let 's see how you burned yourself when you farted .
you 'll burn yourself when you light up your fart !
you would have burned yourself if you 'd smoked your fart .
i burned myself when i was smoking your fart .
that 's burnt .
you 're gon na burn yourself when you light up your fart .
i built it on an existing network of water and power lines .
after they were built , they were connected to existing water and sewer networks .
i 've built it on an existing network of water and power lines .
we have to build it over existing water and sewer networks .
let 's go through the existing network of water and sewerage .
we 'll build it on an existing network of water and sewer .
it should have been built on an existing network of water and sewerage .
i 've built it on an existing network of water and power lines .
this is located adjacent to existing water and sewer networks .
we 're going to build it over existing water and sewer networks .
i see you both have a gun .
so the two of them had a gun .
i noticed they both had guns .
they have to carry the gun .
let 's see if they 're both carrying guns .
they must have both had guns .
they must have had a gun .
i mean , they both had guns .
each is armed .
they 're gon na have a gun .
i do n't even mention the damage related to the removal of the wreck .
that there is also an explicit list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
i 've also listed the damage to the removal of the wreck .
they describe to me the damage related to the removal of the wreck .
let 's also find out the damage to the wreck .
it will include an explicit list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
will be listed separately in order to remove the wreck .
i mean specifically the damage to the wreck .
this is clear .
they are going to detail the damage to the wreck .
i feel like he 's sad about this .
if he screams like that he sounds sad .
i want to say it sounds sad .
you seem to be sad about that .
let him scream like he 's sad .
it would sound a sad cry .
it must have sounded sad to her .
i feel like he 's sad .
this screams sounds sad !
you 're gon na sound sad when you scream like that .
i do n't know what good taste he has .
that he has good taste .
i do n't know what good taste he has .
you have to have good taste .
let 's see what good taste he has .
he must have a good taste .
he must have had good taste .
i mean , what good taste he has .
that 's good .
you 're going to have a good taste for him .
i 'm sure your wife appreciates that .
that your wife would appreciate it .
i want to appreciate your wife .
you have to appreciate your wife .
let your wife take note of this .
you should appreciate the woman .
you should be commended for your wife !
i hope your wife appreciates it .
this is great !
you 're gon na appreciate this woman .
i 'm just delivering an envelope with cash .
so the messenger sent you a cheque for cash .
i 've just got an envelope with cash from the messenger .
they want to deliver an envelope with cash .
let 's go see why the messenger sent you an envelope full of money .
he 'll send an envelope with cash .
you must have been sent by a messenger with an envelope full of money .
i 've just sent you an envelope with cash .
this is expensive .
we 're going to deliver an envelope with cash .
i 'm not going ?
so you 're not going ?
i 'm not going ?
you want to go ?
let 's go ?
you 'll join us ?
you 'll be gone ?
i thought you 'd come ?
that 's right ?
you 're gon na come ?
i do n't like being stuck in bed anymore .
although i do n't like being stuck in bed .
i do n't like being stuck in bed .
you hate being locked up in bed !
let 's just say i hate being stuck in bed !
it would be a shame to be trapped in bed .
he would have hated me being trapped in bed .
i hate being locked up in bed !
that 's terrible .
you 're gon na make me stay in bed .
i do n't think there 's any appropriate compensation .
if there 's no compensation ?
i 'm not supposed to pay any compensation ?
you want to get some compensation ?
have you got any appropriate compensation for that ?
it would be an appropriate reward .
would be required to pay compensation ?
i mean , no compensation ?
that 's inadequate ?
you 're going to pay no compensation ?
i 'd kick that son of a bitch 's ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
i 'd kick that son of a bitch 's ass .
we have to kick that son of a bitch 's ass .
let 's get that son of a bitch kicked in the ass .
he 'd kick his ass !
he 'd have kicked his ass !
i 'm sure he 'd kick his ass .
that 's stupid .
we 're gon na kick that son of a bitch 's ass .
i 'm writing a missing person report from woodburne 's wife to her husband .
that woman from woodburne reported the disappearance of her husband .
i 've received a report of missing persons from woodburne about your husband .
we want to ask you for a report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne who was looking for her husband .
let 's go see the report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne 's husband .
we 'd like a report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne 's husband .
it should be noted that a report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne has been submitted by her husband .
i 've received a report of missing persons from woodburne about my husband .
this is incorrect .
we 're going to report the disappearance of a woman from woodburne 's husband .
i 'm not winning the retreat .
that retreat wo n't win the battle .
i 'm not winning the retreat .
you have to win the retreat .
let 's not win the retreat !
we 'll win the retreat .
he would have won the retreat .
i 've never won a retreat .
the retreat is useless .
we 're going to win without a retreat .
i do n't think you acted very territorially .
that you acted very territorially .
i 've noticed you 've been very territorial .
you seem to have acted very territorially .
let 's assume that you acted very territorially .
you must have acted very territorially .
you must have acted very territorially .
i feel like you acted very territorially .
this is territorial .
you 're going to be very territorial .
i do n't know how he died .
because i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
we have no idea how he died .
let 's see how he died .
we 'll find out how he died .
he must have died somewhere , i do n't know .
i do n't know how he died .
that 's unknown .
we 're going to find out how he died .
i 'm going to break into the hotel room just like nixon .
so the break into the hotel room was exactly what happened to nixon .
i 'm going to break into the hotel room just like nixon .
you have to break into the hotel room and break into what happened to nixon .
let 's go back to how nixon broke into the hotel room .
it would be the same thing as when nixon broke into the hotel room .
it could have happened exactly when nixon broke into the hotel room .
i mean , when nixon broke into the hotel room .
that 's true . . . he broke into the hotel room .
we 're gon na break into the hotel room just like nixon .
i 'm reading an autopsy report ?
so it 's an autopsy report ?
i 've got an autopsy report .
you want to see an autopsy report ?
have you seen an autopsy report ?
you 'll get an autopsy report ?
you 'll be given an autopsy report ?
i mean the autopsy report .
this is dead ?
you 're gon na have an autopsy report ?
i 'm threatening nael 's death .
that nael could die .
i 'm threatening nael 's death .
we have to protect nael from dying .
let 's not threaten nael 's death .
we can threaten nael 's death .
he could have killed nael .
nael threatened to die .
that 's dangerous .
we 're going to threaten nael 's death .
i 'm also blocking other content from this site for security reasons .
so the security of this site is protected by the web browser .
i 'm also blocking other content from this site for security reasons .
you need to block other content from this site in order to protect your security .
protect your security by blocking other content from this website as well .
you can block other content from this site in addition to the security measures .
you will be prevented from accessing other content from this site by the web browser .
i 'm also blocking other content from this site for security reasons .
this is secure .
you are going to block other content from this site in addition to the security measures .
i guess her weight is a little higher .
because she 's a little higher .
i 've got a little higher weight .
they have to be a little higher than that .
let 's say she 's a little higher than that .
she must have a little higher weight .
she must have gotten a little higher weight .
i mean , her weight is a little higher .
that 's heavy .
they 're going to be a little higher than that .
i hear they use them in short bursts .
so they use them in short bursts .
i 'm detecting intermittent bursts .
they have to use them in short bursts .
let 's say they use them in short bursts .
they 'll use short bursts .
it will be used in short bursts .
i mean , intermittent bursts .
this is intermittent .
they 're going to use regular intervals .
i inherited them from my mom .
because they belonged to my mom .
i belonged to my mom .
they belong to my mom .
let 's go to my mom 's .
she could be my mom .
she should have been my mom .
i 've got my mom .
this is mine .
they 're going to be my mom 's .
i 'm a new york based employee .
that he 's a new york based employee ?
i 'm working in new york .
you have to be a new york office employee .
let him know he 's a new york based employee .
he 'll be a new york based employee .
he must have been working in a new york office .
i 'm working in new york right now .
that 's new york .
we 're going to work in new york .
i 'm still crying about nicole .
while nicole was crying .
i was still crying .
they keep crying .
let 's keep nicole crying .
she could hear nicole 's crying .
she could be crying .
i noticed nicole was crying .
this is nicole crying .
we 're gon na keep crying about nicole .
i do n't have a stable belt .
so we do n't have a stable belt .
i do n't have a stable belt .
we have to find a stable belt .
let 's not have a stable belt .
we 'll find a stable belt .
we 'll be without stable girders .
i do n't have a stable belt .
this is stable .
we 're going to have a stable belt .
i do n't dance ?
if you want to dance .
i want to dance .
you want to dance ?
let 's dance .
you 'd like a dance .
you 'll be dancing .
i love to dance .
that 's nice .
you 're gon na dance ?
i see a rock over there .
that rock is over there .
i 've seen a stone .
you want to see this rock ?
have you seen this rock ?
you can see this rock ?
you could have seen the stone .
i hope you see this rock .
this is stone .
you 're gon na see this rock ?
i 'm so funny !
that it 's funny !
i 've never been so funny .
you have to be kidding me .
let 's have some fun .
it will be a fun moment !
it must have been a fun moment .
i 've never been so funny .
this is funny !
we 're gon na have a fun time .
i 'm so disrespectful !
that you 're disrespectful .
i 'm being disrespectful .
you have to be disrespectful .
let 's be disrespectful .
you can be so disrespectful .
you must be being disrespectful .
i mean , you 're disrespectful .
that 's rude !
you 're gon na be disrespectful .
i caught him on cardassia when klingon attacked him .
before the klingons attacked him on cardassia .
i caught him in cardassia when the klingons attacked him .
they want to hold him captive on cardassia , where they attacked the klingons .
have you caught up with the klingons when they attacked cardassia ?
he must have been trapped in cardassia when klingon attacked him .
he must have been trapped in cardassia when the klingons attacked him .
i caught him on cardassia when klingon attacked him .
this is cardassian .
they 're gon na attack klingon on cardassia .
i 'm gon na die before they attack me .
if they had attacked me , i would have died .
i 'm gon na die before they attack me .
they want to kill me right away .
let 's go to death as soon as they attack me !
it would be my death if they had attacked me .
they would have killed me if i had been attacked .
i 'm gon na die right away when they attack me .
that 's dead !
they 're gon na kill me before they kill me .
i call for applications for an administrative post at eurojust .
if they are interested in administrative jobs at eurojusta .
i 'm calling for applications for an administrative post at eurojust .
they propose to submit an application for an administrative job at eurojust .
invite you to apply for an administrative post at eurojust .
they shall invite applications for eurojust 's administrative functions .
they shall be invited to submit an application for an administrative post at eurojust .
i call upon candidates for administrative jobs at eurojust .
this is open .
they are asking to apply for an administrative post at eurojust .
i swear i 'll put you in front of me .
if you promise me you 'll keep my dreams .
i promised i 'd keep my dream .
you have to put me in front of my dreams .
let me give you my dreams .
you can have my dreams before mine !
will be sworn to keep my dream before mine .
i swear i 'll put you in front of me .
that 's true .
you 're gon na have my dreams before mine .
i 'm looking at the girl scout and watching grandma kill a bull .
that girl scout watches her grandma as she kills a bull .
i 'm watching my grandma kill a bull .
they like to watch their grandmother kill a bull .
let 's see how grandma kills a bull .
you 'll see the scout who watches grandma kill the bull .
will be looking at her grandmother as she kills a bull .
i watched my grandmother kill a bull .
this is girly .
we 're going to watch grandma kill a bull .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
because you 're afraid they 'll catch you .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
you have to be afraid of being caught .
let 's just say you 're afraid of being caught .
he 'll catch you .
you 'd be worried about being caught .
i fear they 'll catch you .
that 's scary .
you 're gon na be caught .
i mixed him up with water and pumped him into the pump .
so we mixed the water into the pumps .
i mixed the water into the water tank .
we have to mix the water into the pumps .
let 's mix up the water and put it in the pump .
we 'll mix the water into the pumps .
he 'll be mixed up with water and pumped into the pump .
i mixed him up with water and pumped him up .
that 's wet .
we 're going to put water in the pump .
i 'm just making differences .
that there 's a difference ?
i 've got differences .
you want to know the differences ?
let 's talk about differences .
we 'll make differences .
we 'll be separated ?
i mean the differences .
that 's different ?
you 're gon na make differences ?
i 'm gon na find an open space and light up the fire !
so we 'll find a safer place and light up the fire .
i 'm going to find a place where there 's a fire .
we have to find a safer place and light up the fire !
let 's find a better place to set up a fire .
we 'll find a better place to set the fire .
we 'll be looking for an open space and lighting up the fire .
i need to find a place where there 's a fire .
this is open .
we 're gon na find a safer place and light up the fire .
i do n't know exactly .
that i do n't know .
i do n't know .
you have to be really sure .
let 's see , i do n't know .
it might be a really big question .
it may have been really .
i do n't know .
that 's vague .
we 're going to be really unsure .
i 'm sorry , mr . harriman .
if you do n't mind , mr . harriman ?
i 'm sorry , mr . harriman .
you want to excuse me ?
have you forgotten mr . harriman ?
you 'll excuse me , mr . harriman ?
you 'll be sorry , mr . harriman ?
i 'm sorry , mr . harriman .
this is harriman .
you 're going to excuse me ?
i 'm not gon na stop you .
that son of a bitch !
i 'm telling you to stop !
you have to stop .
let 's get this shit out of here !
you can stop the fucker .
you should be stopped !
i 'm telling you to stop !
that 's stupid !
you 're gon na fucking stop .
i do n't think it 's stupid to put an oyster on a clams .
that oyster looks like a fucking nut job .
i do n't think it 's stupid to give an oyster to a clam .
you seem to have a fucking fool for putting oysters on that clam .
let 's see if there 's a fool in putting an oyster on that clam .
it would be a damn fool to put an oyster in that mud .
it must have looked silly putting an oyster in that clam .
i feel like a fucking fool to give an oyster to a clam .
this is ridiculous .
you 're gon na be fucking crazy if you put an oyster in that clam .
i 'm telling you , if you keep going , you 'll leave the dark and go to the dark .
if you go on , you 'll end up in the dark , just deeper darkness .
i 'm going to tell you that if you go on , you 'll leave the dark , just in the dark .
you have to keep going because if you go on , you 'll leave the dark , just in the dark .
let 's just say that if you go on , you 'll leave the darkness and go to another darkness .
you 'll be the one who leaves the darkness and goes to the deeper darkness .
you 'll be leaving this dark place , just in the middle of the dark .
i mean , if you go on , you 'll leave the dark , just in the dark .
that 's true .
you 're going to leave this dark place and go to another dark place .
i 'm the only magician who knows kalizkan .
that he did n't know a single magician .
i 'm the only magician who knows kalizkan .
he used to know only one magician .
leto 's just know the kalizkan wizard .
he must be the only known magician in kalicia .
he could have known only a kalizkan .
kalizkan was his only known wizard .
that 's true .
you 're going to tell him that kalizkan 's just a wizard .
i do n't know who ? '' jack asked .
so it 's him ? '' jack asked .
i want to know who ? '' jack asked .
you want to know who ? '' jack asked .
have you seen this man ? '' jack asked .
he will be the one ? '' jack asked .
will be ? '' jack asked .
i mean , this guy ? '' jack asked .
this is human ? '' jack asked .
you 're going to tell me who ? '' jack asked .
i do n't have any air .
because we do n't have any air .
i do n't have any air .
we have to get out of the air !
let 's get some air .
we 'll get the air !
we 'll be flying .
i 've got no air .
this is airtight .
we 're going to get out of the air !
i 'm really good with that blender .
that blender is really cool !
i 'm making a great blender .
you have to have a blender like that .
let 's go to the blender .
it 'll be a great blender .
it would have been a great blender .
i 'm making a great blender .
that 's perfect .
you 're going to make a great blender .
i 'm thinking of a mailbox .
if you 're thinking about a box .
i 'm thinking of a mailbox .
you have to imagine a box .
let 's keep thinking about the box !
you 'll find a box .
you should have thought of a mailbox .
i mean , box .
that 's logical .
you 're going to have a box .
i do n't think he 's hungry .
so he seems not to be hungry .
i do n't think he 's hungry .
you seem to be hungry today .
let 's see if he 's hungry .
he must have no appetite today .
he must have been n't hungry yesterday .
i feel like he 's not hungry .
no one looks hungry .
you 're gon na look like he 's not hungry .
i do n't have any proof he killed kwak .
so we do n't have proof he killed kwak .
i do n't have any proof he killed kwak .
we have to prove he did n't kill kwak .
let 's assume he did n't kill kwak .
he can prove his guilt about killing kwak .
he must have killed kwak in vain !
i do n't have any proof he killed kwak .
this is incredible .
we 're gon na find out if he killed kwak .
i 'm sure it 's too much fun !
because it 's really fun .
i 'm sure it 's great fun .
you have to have fun .
let 's have a lot of fun .
it will be a lot of fun .
it must have been fun .
i 'm sure it 's great fun .
that 's funny .
we 're gon na have a lot of fun .
i do n't have a leader .
because he did n't have a leader .
i did n't have a leader .
they have to be the leader .
let 's not have a leader .
he could see no commander .
he could have been the leader .
i thought he was n't the commander .
the leader is dead .
they 're going to be the leader .
i 've had a bad day .
that today was a terrible day .
i 've had a bad day .
you have to have a bad day .
have you had a bad day ?
it must be a terrible day .
it must have been a terrible day !
i 've had a bad day .
this is terrible .
we 're going to have a bad day .
i 'm not gon na talk like a fool .
if you do n't talk like a fool .
i 'm not gon na talk like a fool .
you have to stop being such a fool .
let 's not talk like idiots .
you must be an idiot !
you should be stopped being an idiot !
i mean , stop talking like a fool !
that 's stupid .
you 're gon na be an idiot !
i do n't see any brotherhood on the street .
so the inspector does n't have a fraternity on the street .
i do n't see any fraternity on the street .
you seem to have no brotherhood in the street .
inspector , there 's no fraternity in the street .
you 'll find no fraternity on the street .
you must have noticed there 's no fraternity on the street .
i mean , inspector , there 's no fraternity in the street .
this is wrong .
we 're gon na have a little brotherhood on the street , inspector .
i saw him and jerked away .
as he saw him , he winced .
i 've seen a tall fist , and he 's flinched .
they seem to have seen the tall fist .
leto 's high fist see him and winced .
he could see the tall fist and winced .
he could have seen the tall fist , but he winced .
i noticed that a tall fist had seen him , winced .
that 's high .
they 're going to see a tall fist .
i 'm not gon na get really upset ?
so it 's not gon na be really angry ?
i 'm sure you 'll never be angry .
you gon na be really upset ?
have you ever been mad at me ?
you 'd like a lot of anger ?
you 'd be pissed off ?
i hope you 're not really angry .
that 's angry .
you 're gon na be really upset ?
i see he blinked a little bit .
as he blinked his eyes slightly .
i noticed that his eyes were slightly twitching .
they begin to flinch slightly .
leto 's eyes twitched slightly .
he could see a slight wrinkle in his eyes .
he could have blinked a little .
i noticed that his eyes were slightly twitching .
that 's weak .
he 's gon na roll his eyes .
i do n't swallow pills .
that he does n't swallow pills .
i do n't swallow pills .
you have to swallow your medication .
let him swallow his medication .
he must swallow his medication .
he would have swallowed his medication .
i do n't swallow pills .
that 's true .
you 're going to swallow your medication .
i do n't think you should wear powder in the dress .
so you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
i do n't think you should wear powder in the dress .
you have to wear powder in the dress .
let 's not wear the powder in the dress .
you should wear no gunpowder in the dress .
you should be wearing powder in the dress .
i thought you did n't have to wear powder in the dress .
that 's unnecessary .
you 're gon na have to wear powder in the dress .
i 'm just trying to break mayan 's record .
that it would be suicide if he wanted to break mayan 's record ?
i 'm just gon na try to break mayan 's record .
you have to be suicidal when you try to break mayan 's record .
let 's just say it 's suicide to try to break the record .
it would be suicide if he wanted to break mayan 's record .
it would have been suicide if he had tried to break mayan 's record .
i mean , suicide by trying to break the record .
that 's suicidal !
you 're gon na kill yourself just to break mayan 's record .
i do n't think he 's gon na love me anymore .
because she does n't love me anymore .
i 'm just saying she does n't love me anymore .
you have to understand that she does n't love me anymore .
let 's just say he does n't love me anymore .
he 'll be the one who does n't love me anymore .
she would have said she did n't love me anymore .
i mean , she does n't love me anymore .
that 's true .
you 're gon na tell me she does n't love me anymore .
i 'd like something to drink .
if there 's something to drink .
i 'll have something to drink .
you have to give me a drink .
let 's get a drink !
it would be a good drink .
it would be served with a drink !
i need something to drink .
that 's good .
you 're gon na make me a drink .
i do n't suppose he chose them ?
so he chose them ?
i did n't choose them ?
you want to choose them ?
have you chosen him ?
he must choose them ?
he must have chosen them .
i thought he chose them ?
that 's clear ?
they 're going to choose them ?
i saw you out there ?
so you were looking out ?
i 've been looking out ?
you want to watch out ?
have you looked out there ?
you could watch the outside .
you should have looked out there ?
i thought you were looking out ?
this is outside .
you 're going to watch out ?
i do n't see your fate like that .
that your fate is not like that .
i do n't see your fate like that .
you have to be like this .
let 's not look at your fate like that .
you will have your fate not like that .
you will be faced with your fate not like this .
i hope your fate is not like that .
this is different .
you 're going to have your fate not like that .
i do n't like the radio .
that radio is shit !
i do n't like the radio .
you have to listen to the radio .
let 's get rid of the radio .
it must be the radio !
you must have heard the radio .
i hate the radio !
that 's terrible .
you 're gon na ruin the radio !
i do n't know what hurts ?
so it hurts ?
i do n't know what hurts ?
you want to know what hurts ?
let 's see what hurts .
it will hurt what ?
it must be hurt what ?
i mean what hurts ?
this is painful ?
you 're gon na hurt what ?
i got a message from jackie about gina .
that jackie was in charge of gina .
i heard jackie was reporting to gina .
they want to send a message to gina .
let 's go see jackie in gina .
we 'll send a message to gina .
will be sent to gina on behalf of jackie .
jackie sent an announcement to gina .
this is jackie .
we 're going to see jackie in gina .
i 'm installing a switchboard at the work station , which is readily available near the door .
if you want to install light switches at work stations that are readily available at the door .
i 'm installing light switches at work stations , which are readily available near the door .
you have to install a switchboard at the work station , which is readily available near the door .
install the switches to switch stations to easily accessible positions close to the door .
you will install a switchboard at the service station , which is readily available near the door .
it will be installed at the service station in an easily accessible position close to the door .
i 'm installing switches at work stations that are readily available near the door .
this is necessary .
they are going to install switches at work stations , which are readily available at the door .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
because it 's christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
you have to stop bothering me about christmas .
let 's not talk about christmas .
it would be no christmas .
it would have stopped me at christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
that 's useless .
you 're gon na ruin my christmas .
i want some tips from you .
if you could just give me some advice .
i want some tips .
you want to give me some advice ?
have you got any tips for me ?
you can share some tips with me .
you would have given me some advice ?
i need some tips .
that 's useful ?
you 're gon na give me some advice ?
i 'm also surprised by her smile , which can sometimes be quite mysterious .
although she had a strange smile sometimes .
i 've also had a mysterious smile .
they tend to be a little mysterious at times .
let 's not forget her smile , which can sometimes be quite mysterious .
he can have a mysterious smile .
she could have had a strange smile sometimes .
i mean her smile , which can also be a little mysterious .
this is mysterious .
you 're going to have a mysterious smile .
i 'm looking for a wolf where he 'll find his prey .
so we 're going to find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
i 'm supposed to be looking for a wolf where they find their prey .
you want to tell me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey ?
let 's go find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you should find a wolf where he 'll find his prey .
should be looking for a wolf where he 'll find his prey .
i thought i 'd find the wolf where he could find his prey .
this is wolfish .
you 're gon na tell me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
i 'm talking about professor kang , the pathologist .
that professor kang was a pathologist .
i 've met professor kang , the pathologist .
they want to talk about professor kang , the pathologist .
let 's go back to professor kang , the pathologist .
it will be professor kang , the pathologist .
it should have been professor kang , the pathologist .
i mean professor kang , the pathologist .
that 's professor kang .
you 're going to see professor kang , the pathologist .
i feel like someone 's been murdered .
that sounds like someone 's been killed .
i feel like someone was murdered .
you seem to have killed someone .
let 's say it sounds like someone 's been killed .
it could be someone 's murder .
it must have been someone 's murder .
i feel like someone was murdered .
that 's terrible .
you 're gon na have someone killed .
i do n't have a complete internet connection setup .
although the windows installer has completed the internet connection .
i did n't finish installing windows internet connection .
you have to complete the windows internet connection .
install the windows system has not completed the internet connection .
you can complete the windows internet connection .
it can be found that the windows internet connection has not been completed .
i forgot to complete the windows internet connection .
this is complete .
you 're trying to set up a windows internet connection .
i 'm not gon na save anyone in this place .
so we ca n't save anyone here .
i ca n't save anyone here .
we have to save no one here .
let 's not save anyone in this place .
we ca n't save anyone here .
we ca n't save anyone in this place .
i 'm not gon na save anyone in here .
this is impossible .
we 're gon na save nobody in this place .
i 'm sure vanessa will also be a demon .
so vanessa could also be a demon .
i 'm sure vanessa will also be a demon .
you have to understand that vanessa may also be a demon .
let 's not forget that vanessa may also be a demon .
he can become a demon for vanessa .
she could have fallen into the clutches of the demons .
i thought vanessa would also be a demon .
this is possible .
we 're going to let vanessa become a demon too .
i do n't know how bad you hit the guard .
so it 's a bad thing to hit a guard ?
i 've heard about your attack on the guard .
you want to tell me how bad it was with the guards ?
have you hit a guard yet ?
you 'll have a bad rap on the guard .
you must have beaten the guard how bad ?
i mean your attack on the guard .
that 's bad .
you 're going to tell me how bad you hit the guard .
i 'm sure he faces serious accusations of stealing from his company .
because he faces serious accusations of stealing from his company .
i have accused her of a serious theft .
they have to face serious accusations that they have stolen from their society .
leto faces serious accusations that he stole from his company .
he must face serious accusations of stealing from his company .
he must be facing serious accusations of stealing from his company .
i 've accused her of a serious theft .
this is serious .
they are going to face serious accusations of stealing from their society .
i 've got books on english , chemistry and physics .
so they gave me english , science and chemistry books .
i 've got books on english , chemistry and physics .
they want to read english , science and chemistry .
let me read english , science and chemistry .
you can read english , science and chemistry in english .
you can read english , science and chemistry in it .
i 've got books on english , chemistry and physics .
that 's english .
they 're going to give me english , science and chemistry books .
i 'm sure there 's an endless rope at the bottom .
if there 's an endless rope at the bottom .
i 'm going down the steep slope of a rope .
they seem to be on the highest slope of an endless rope .
let 's find out where the steepest slope leads to an endless line .
it will be an endless rope at the bottom of the slope .
it must have been an endless rope somewhere down the slope .
i mean , somewhere on the highest slope there 's a rope .
that 's endless .
we 're going to have an endless rope at the bottom of the slope .
i ask you why you invited foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory .
that you would invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
i 've been invited to france by foreign troops .
you want to send foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
have you invited a foreign army to france 's sovereign territory ?
you will send a foreign army to france 's sovereign territory .
will be invited to france by foreign troops .
i hope you have invited foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory .
this is french ?
you 're going to invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
i do n't think there was any place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
so there was no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
i do n't think there was any place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
we have to find no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
let 's assume that there is no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
it could find no place in our solar system , not even on a moon or planet , where there was such a huge wild animal .
it could be found nowhere in the solar system , not even on a moon or planet , where such a huge wild animal existed .
i thought there was no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
this is incredible .
we 're going to find no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
i 'm sure everyone will kill themselves .
because everyone will kill themselves .
i 'm going to kill them all .
they want to kill themselves !
let 's see how they all kill themselves !
he 'll kill everyone .
they 'll be killed .
i thought everyone would kill themselves .
each is dead .
they 're going to kill each other !
i 'm enabling the broadcast of digital media .
that it will be possible to broadcast digital media on the network .
i 'm enabling the broadcast of digital media .
they allow to broadcast digital media on the network .
enable digital media streaming to the net .
it will enable the broadcast of digital media .
will be able to broadcast digital media on the network .
i enable streaming digital media into the net .
this is possible .
they are going to be able to broadcast digital media across the network .
i 'm your afternoon .
that afternoon will be mine .
i 'm going to see you in the afternoon .
you have to come by the end of the day .
let me see you in the afternoon .
you 'll be my afternoon .
you 'll be gone by the end of the day .
i 'm leaving this afternoon .
this is mine .
you 're going to be my afternoon .
i do n't know if strahm 's mobile is calling for help ?
so we can find strahm 's phone ?
i 'm supposed to find strahm on his mobile .
you want to get strahm 's coordinates on his mobile phone ?
let 's get him a locator on his cell phone .
you can pinpoint the location of strahm 's mobile .
you should have put strahm 's phone in the phone 's location .
i need to find strahm on his mobile .
this is strahm mobile .
you 're gon na put strahm 's locator on the phone right now ?
i 'm supposed to make breakfast .
if you do n't want breakfast ?
i 'm supposed to make breakfast .
you want to come for breakfast ?
have you got breakfast yet ?
you 'd like breakfast ?
we 'll be waiting for breakfast .
i need to make breakfast .
that 's good .
you 're going to have breakfast ?
i do n't think you 're going to edo tomorrow .
so we 're guessing you 're going to edo tomorrow .
i 'm guessing you 're going to edo tomorrow .
you seem to be going to edu tomorrow .
let 's say you 're going to edo tomorrow .
you 'll have an appointment with ed tomorrow .
you might be going to edu tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
that 's likely .
you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i felt guilty and scared at the same time .
as trisha realized how scared she was , guilt and fear struck her .
i realized trisha felt guilty and scared at the same time .
they want to blame trisha for the fear and fear .
let 's not forget that trisha felt guilty and scared at the same time .
he could feel trisha 's guilt and fear at the same time .
she could have felt guilty and scared at the same time .
trisha felt guilty and scared at the same time .
this is terrible .
they 're going to make trisha feel guilty and scared .
i 'm gon na get 50 bucks for 5,000 .
that 5,000 will give me 50 .
i 'm going to get 50 , okay ?
you want to give me 50 ?
let 's say 5,000 will give me 50 .
it 'll be 50 , okay ?
it would have been 50 , right ?
i 'm going for 50 , okay ?
that 's good .
you 're gon na give me 50 ?
i do n't have time for sex .
so we do n't have time for sex .
i do n't have time for sex .
we have to stop thinking about sex .
let 's not think about sex .
we should stop thinking about sex .
we should be thinking about sex right now .
i do n't have time for sex .
this is useless !
we 're gon na have sex now .
i do n't think there 's a sex contest .
that there 's no sex competition .
i do n't compete in sex .
you have to have sex not to compete .
let 's not compete with sex .
we 'll have no sex competition .
you must have had sex not to compete .
i mean , sex does n't compete .
that 's sexual .
you 're gon na have sex .
i 'm not listening to his majesty 's orders ?
that you have not listened to his majesty ?
i have heard his majesty 's order .
you have to listen to his majesty 's orders .
have you heard the emperor 's orders ?
you must have heard his majesty 's order .
you must have heard his majesty 's order .
i 've heard his majesty 's order .
this is wrong ?
you 're listening to his majesty 's orders .
i want to lick him .
if you want to lick him .
i want to lick him .
want to lick him .
let 's lick him .
you 'd like a lick ?
you 'd like to lick him ?
i want to lick him .
that 's nice .
you 're going to lick him ?
i do n't know what this greed is about ?
because there 's so much greed ?
i do n't know what this greed is about ?
you want to see what kind of greed this is ?
let 's see what this kind of greed is .
it must be greed .
you must have been so greedy , what about this greed ?
i mean , all this greed ?
this is greedy .
you 're going to be so greedy ?
i do n't want to tell people .
so we do n't tell people .
i do n't want to tell people .
we plan to not tell anyone .
let 's not tell anyone .
we 'll tell people .
we 'll be planning not to tell people .
i thought we would n't tell people .
that 's true .
we 're planning to tell people .
i 've never seen a game or a match or anything like that before .
so it 's completely new to look at the game or the game and everything .
i 've never seen a game or a match or anything like that before .
you have to take me to the game and the match and everything .
seeing the game or the game and everything else is a new experience for me .
it would be a completely new experience to look at the game or the game and everything .
it must have been a completely new experience to watch the game or the game and everything .
i 've never seen a game or match or anything like that before .
this is new .
we 're going to see the game , the match , and everything .
i 'm defending against who ?
against whom will he be defended ?
i have to defend myself .
you have to defend yourself .
have you defended yourself ?
he must defend himself ?
will be defended against who ?
i need to defend myself .
this is defensive ?
you 're gon na defend yourself ?
i 'm screaming .
so they 're all screaming .
i 'm screaming .
they start screaming .
let 's all scream .
they 'll shout it .
they 'll be screaming .
i 'm screaming .
that 's loud .
they 're gon na scream .
i think the imperialist countries can use this mindset to justify their economic greed .
so the imperialist countries can use this mindset to justify their economic greed .
i have come to the conclusion that imperialist countries can justify their economic greed .
we need to understand that an imperialist country can use such a mindset to justify its economic greed .
consider this imperialist country to justify its economic greed .
it could be a justification for an imperialist country 's economic greed .
can be justified in such a way by an imperialist country 's economic greed .
i understand that an imperialist country can use such thoughts to justify its economic greed .
this is imperialist .
they are trying to justify an imperialist country 's economic greed .
i want everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state 's visit .
so they 're all going to concentrate on the security of the secretary of state .
i want everyone involved in protecting the minister 's visit .
we have to concentrate on the security of the minister 's visit .
let 's get everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state 's visit .
we must concentrate all on the protection of the secretary of state .
they must be all involved in the security of the secretary of state .
i need everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state .
this is important .
we 're going to concentrate on the security of the minister 's visit .
i do n't think he 's a problem , i see him as an opportunity for a solution .
so we do n't look at him as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
i do n't think of him as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
you have to look at it as a problem rather than as an opportunity for a solution .
let 's not look at it as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
you can see no problem , just an opportunity for a solution .
you should be looking at it as a problem rather than as an opportunity for solutions .
i mean , look at her as a solution .
this is different .
you 're going to look at it as a problem , not as an opportunity for a solution .
i do n't think it 's funny anymore .
because it 's not funny .
i do n't think it 's funny anymore .
we have to be the only ones who think it 's not funny !
let 's just say it 's not funny .
it 'll be just us who do n't find it funny .
it must have been just us who did n't find it funny .
i mean , it 's not funny .
this is ridiculous !
we 're gon na be the only ones who do n't find it amusing !
i want to be a friend .
that we 're friends .
i want to be friends .
want to be friends .
let 's make friends .
we 'll be friends .
we 'll be friends .
i want to be friends .
that 's good ?
you 're going to be a friend ?
i do n't know where a whitefish is .
if there 's a whitefish .
i do n't know where a whitefish is .
you want to know where the whitefish is ?
let 's find a whitefish .
we 'll find the whitefish .
you must have got a whitefish somewhere !
i mean , where are the whitefish .
this is stupid !
you 're gon na ask me where the whitefish is ?
i 'm not sure you 're responding to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
so you ca n't respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine ?
i do n't see how you can respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
you have to be able to respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
let 's see how you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
you ca n't answer 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
you could have been defibrillated by 300 milligrams of thorazine .
i mean , 300 milligrams of thorazine ca n't do it .
this is impossible !
you 're going to be unable to respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
i 'm sabata 's killer .
that sabata kills the bandits .
i 'm going to kill sabata .
you have to kill sabata .
let sabata kill the bandits !
he will kill bandits .
will be killed by bandits .
sabata killed the robbers .
that 's sabata .
you 're going to kill sabata .
i 'm sure everyone knows .
as everyone knows .
i 'm sure everyone knows .
we have to know !
let 's see what we know !
we 'll know everything !
we 'll be known .
i know what you mean .
this is familiar .
we 're going to know !
i 'm not afraid of death anymore .
that you 're no longer afraid of death .
i 'm not afraid of death .
you stop being afraid of death .
let 's not be afraid of death .
you will be no longer afraid of death .
you must be scared to death .
i 'm afraid of death .
that 's scary .
you 're gon na be scared to death .
i 'm getting a little weird in the neighborhood .
so it 's all weird .
i 've been acting kind of weird lately .
we start to get a little weird .
let 's get a little weird around here .
it can be a little weird out there .
it must have been quite a strange situation .
i 've been acting kind of weird lately .
this is weird !
we 're starting to get a little weird .
i do n't think they 've sold the papers .
so they did n't sell the papers .
i 've never heard of selling newspapers .
they want to sell the paper .
let 's not sell the papers .
they 'll sell the papers .
they would have sold the paper .
i 've never heard of selling newspapers .
that 's true .
they 're gon na sell the papers .
i got that son of a bitch back .
that son of a bitch is back .
i got that son of a bitch back .
you have to have that bastard back !
let 's get that son of a bitch .
he 'll get that son of a bitch .
he 's got his ass back !
i 've got that bastard back !
this is bastard !
you 're gon na have that son of a bitch back !
i 'm sure you hate tough girls !
that you 're a tough guy .
i 'm sure you hate tough girls .
you hate being a tough guy .
'cause you 're a tough guy .
you 'd hate a tough guy .
you must have liked a tough girl .
i thought you were a tough guy .
that 's hard .
you 're gon na hate a tough girl .
i 'm going to put everything on lucky 7 .
so it 's all going to be lucky 7 ?
i 'm going to put everything on lucky 7 .
you gon na put everything on lucky 7 ?
let 's put everything on lucky 7 .
we 'll have everything on lucky seven .
you 'd be putting everything on lucky 7 .
i 'm going to put everything on lucky 7 .
this is lucky 7 .
you 're gon na put everything on lucky 7 ?
i 'm counting on him to wake up the rest of you .
because burton depended on whether he would wake up the rest .
i had to rely on burton to wake up the rest of them .
they have to wake up at the right time for burton .
let 's hope burton wakes up in time for the others .
he must be the one who will wake the others .
he must have woken burton for the right moment .
burton relied on whether he would wake up the rest .
that 's important .
they 're going to wake up burton in time .
i 'll have colored coffee .
so we have colored coffee .
i 'll have colored coffee .
they have toasted coffee .
let 's have a colored coffee .
we 'll have colored coffee .
we 'll have colored coffee .
i 've got colored coffee .
that 's creamy .
we 're going to have colored coffee .
i have a nice rifle too !
so we have a nice rifle .
i 've got a nice rifle too .
we have to have a nice rifle too .
let 's get a good rifle too .
you 'll find a nice rifle too .
we 'll have a nice rifle too .
i 've got a nice rifle too .
this is good .
we 're gon na have a nice rifle too .
i 've never seen a better film .
because i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
we have to see the best film .
let 's see the best movie we 've ever seen !
it must be the best film i 've ever seen !
you must have seen a better movie .
i 've never seen a better film .
that 's great .
we 're gon na see the best movie in the world .
i guess it 's just that he sent a real killer .
so they were sent by a real killer .
i 've been able to send it to a real killer .
they seem to have sent her a real killer .
let 's say he was sent by a real killer .
he could be a real killer .
might have been sent by a real killer .
i thought it might have sent a real killer .
this is possible .
they 're going to be sent by a real killer .
i 'm angry about the fear .
that i 'm scared .
i 'm angry about the fear .
you have to be afraid to be angry .
let me get upset about the fear .
it will upset me .
it would have upset me to be scared .
i 'm angry about the fear .
that 's upset .
you 're making me furious .
i see you 'll treat me with the same courtesy as your deputies .
that you will treat me as my deputies .
i 've seen you treat my deputies with the same courtesy .
they want to treat me the same courtesy as my deputies .
let me assure you that i will receive the same courtesy as my deputies .
you will treat my deputies the same courtesy as yours .
you will be treating me the same courtesy as my deputies .
i hope you will treat me as my deputies .
this is respectful .
you 're going to treat me the same courtesy as my deputies .
i feel like there 's a kind of peace and divine calm in that loss .
although there is peace and divine calm in this loss .
i 'm losing a sense of peace and god 's quiet .
they want to lose something like serenity , god 's quiet .
let this loss be filled with peace , god 's quiet .
it will be a loss of peace and god 's quiet .
it will be lost by serenity and god 's quiet .
i miss the loss of serenity and god 's calm .
this is sad .
you 're going to lose something like serenity , god 's quiet .
i 'm thinking in the first league of baseball .
so the first league is thinking like me .
i 'm thinking in the first league of baseball .
they want to think like me in the first baseball league .
let 's go to the first league of first league thinking like me .
he will lead the first baseball league in my opinion .
he must have thought the first league in the first place .
i 've been thinking about the first league for a long time .
this is mine .
they 're going to think like me in the first league .
i do n't have a purchase forecast .
if there 's a purchase forecast .
i 've got a purchase forecast .
you plan to buy ?
have you got a purchase forecast ?
you can forecast the purchase ?
you can be buying forecast ?
i hope you have a purchase forecast .
this is possible ?
you 're planning to buy ?
i do n't want to eat .
because i do n't want to eat .
i do n't want to eat .
you have to be hungry .
let me be honest , i do n't want to eat .
it would be a shame to be hungry .
you must have starved me .
i do n't want to eat .
that 's hungry !
you 're gon na make me hungry .
i 'm talking to you too , mrs . nehru .
so you 're involved , mrs . nehru .
i 'm asking you too , mrs . nehru .
you want to play too , mrs . nehru ?
have you taken part too , mrs . nehru ?
you can involve yourself , mrs . nehru .
you must have been involved , too , mrs . nehru .
i mean , mrs . nehru too .
this is nehru ?
you 're going to play too , mrs . nehru .
i 'm not gon na make another mistake ?
so it was another mistake ?
i 've just made another mistake ?
you want to make another mistake ?
have you made another mistake ?
it would be another judicial error ?
you would have made another mistake ?
i mean another miscarriage of justice .
this is wrong ?
you 're gon na make another mistake ?
i 'm just like , everything is mine ?
so they 're all mine ?
i 'm just mine ?
you want to tell me everything is mine ?
have you told me everything is mine ?
he 'll be mine ?
she should have been mine ?
i mean , everything belongs to me ?
this is mine !
you 're gon na tell me everything 's mine ?
i 'm not gon na be an asshole .
if you do n't act like an asshole .
i 'm not going to be an asshole .
you have to stop being such an asshole .
let 's not be an asshole .
you can be an asshole .
you should stop being such an asshole .
i 'm gon na be an asshole .
that 's stupid .
you 're gon na be an asshole .
i found out my dad smoked when my mom was pregnant .
after my mother 's pregnancy , dad smoked .
i found out my dad smoked when my mom was pregnant .
you want to know why my dad smoked when my mom was pregnant ?
let 's see how my mom and dad smoked when they were pregnant .
he must have smoked his father when his mother was pregnant .
he must have been smoking when his mother was pregnant .
i remember my mother 's pregnancy and dad smoked .
that 's true !
they 're going to be pregnant with my dad .
i 'm glad you 're lucky .
that you were lucky .
i 'm glad you 're lucky .
you have to be lucky .
let 's see if you 're lucky .
you must be a lucky guy .
you must have been lucky .
i hope you 're lucky .
that 's lucky .
you 're trying to be lucky .
i 'm not stopping .
because it 's not stopping .
i 'm not stopping .
you have to stop .
let 's not stop !
it will stop me .
it can be stopped .
i 'm not stopping .
this is intolerable .
you 're gon na stop me .
i 'm putting innocent lives in danger .
that innocent people are in danger ?
i 'm putting innocent lives in danger .
you want to jeopardize innocent lives ?
let innocent people be in danger ?
you would endanger innocent lives .
you would have put an innocent man in danger .
i 'm putting innocent lives in danger .
this is dangerous ?
you 're going to endanger innocent people ?
i 'm going crazy !
that he 's crazy .
i 'm going crazy .
you have to be crazy .
let 's go crazy .
you must be crazy .
you must have gone crazy .
i mean , that 's crazy .
that 's crazy !
you 're going to be crazy .
i do n't know why he did n't write his reasons .
so the motive is not written ?
i do n't know why he did n't write his reasons .
you want to write his reasons ?
let 's not write down his reasons .
you 'll write his reasons ?
he should have written his reasons .
i mean , why not write his reasons ?
that 's different .
you 're going to write his reasons ?
i do n't have to worry about malacandra , except for oyarsa .
so they did n't have to worry about malacandra , except for oyarsa .
i did n't have to worry about malacandra , except for oyarsa .
we have to worry about malacandra , apart from oyarsa .
let 's not worry about malacandra other than oyarsa .
he must have nothing to worry about at malacandra , except for oyarsa .
he must have feared nothing in malacandra , except for oyarsa .
i thought there was still nothing to worry about in malacandra , except for oyarsa .
that 's scary .
we 're gon na have to worry about malacandra , except for oyarsa .
i 'm just making sure you 're not late .
if you 're not late .
i 'm just making sure you 're not late .
you have to make sure it 's not too late .
let 's make sure it 's not too late .
you 'll be a little late .
you should have made sure you were n't late .
i hope you 're not late .
that 's important .
you 're gon na be late .
i 'm born of pain and anger .
that pain was born of anger .
i was born of pain and anger .
they begin to cause pain and anger .
pain breeds fury .
it will cause pain and anger .
it would have caused pain and anger .
i 've seen pain turn into anger .
that 's angry .
you 're going to be angry with pain .
i see barrenger molesting a little girl !
that barrenger molested a little girl .
i 'm telling you barrenger molested a little girl .
you have to molest a little girl !
let 's see how barrenger molested a little girl .
you 'll have barrenger molesting a little girl !
you must have been raped by a little girl .
i mean barrenger molesting a little girl !
that 's barrenger .
you 're gon na have barrenger molesting a little girl !
i 'm taking the girl home tonight at 9 00 .
that you bring a girl to nine in the evening .
i 'm going to bring a girl home tonight .
you want to take the girl home at 9 00 ?
let 's go home for nine o'clock in the evening .
you 'll bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
you 'll be bringing the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
i mean , you bring a girl to nine in the evening .
that 's weird .
you 're going to bring the girl home tonight .
i was courted by the war !
when i was young i was courted by war .
i used to go to war .
you used to go to war when i was young .
let 's go back to youth when i was courted by the war .
he could play war in my youth !
you must have courted war when you were young .
i used to go to war .
that 's childish .
we 're going to war when i was young .
i 'm so smart .
that you 're smart .
i 'm so smart .
you have to be smart .
let 's see how smart you are !
you must be such a smart guy .
you must have been smart .
i mean , you 're smart .
that 's smart .
you 're gon na be smart .
i 'm removing the mask permanently .
if you remove the mask permanently .
i 'm removing the mask permanently .
you have to delete the mask permanently .
remove the mask to be permanently removed .
you can remove the mask permanently .
will be removed permanently .
i 'm removing the mask permanently .
this is temporary .
you 're going to delete the mask permanently .
i 'm obviously gon na take merlin on my own .
if it were up to me , i would have taken merlin .
i 'm obviously going to take merlin on my own .
you have to decide if i 'm gon na take merlin .
let 's just say if i have to choose , i 'm going to take merlin .
it would be a clear choice if i had to take merlin .
it would have been clear if i had chosen to take merlin .
i 'm sure if i had a choice , i would have taken merlin .
this is obvious .
we 're gon na have a choice if i have to take merlin .
i do n't know if your friends also want to sleep with virgins .
so all your friends want to sleep with the virgins .
i 've heard your friends have sex with the virgins .
you want to have sex with a virgin too ?
have you all been interested in having sex with a virgin ?
you can have a virgin with your friends .
you should have had sex with a virgin too .
i thought your friends were gon na have sex with the virgins .
this is virgin ?
you 're gon na have sex with every one of your friends ?
i 'm just trying to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
so we play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
i 'm going to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
we want to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
let 's play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
we 'll play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
we 'll be playing a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
i mean , i 'm just playing a strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
this is great !
we 're going to play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
i 'm sure your mom will love this !
that mom would have liked it !
i 'm sure your mom will love this !
you have to love your mom .
let 's see if your mom likes it !
it will be your mom 's love !
you 'll be loved by your mom !
i hope your mom likes it !
this is great !
you 're gon na love your mom !
i 'm evacuating the entire area .
so we 're evacuating the entire area .
i 'm evacuating the entire area .
we have to evacuate the entire area .
let 's evacuate the entire area .
we 'll evacuate the entire area .
we 'll be evacuating the entire area .
i 'm evacuating the entire area .
this is evacuated !
we 're going to evacuate the entire area .
i 'm not listening !
because you 're not listening !
i 'm not listening !
you 're not listening .
let 's hear it !
you 'll hear nothing !
you should be listening !
i 'm not listening !
that 's unreasonable !
you 're gon na listen to me .
i do n't know how weird it is .
that this is weird !
i 'm so weird !
you have to look at how weird it is .
let 's see how weird it is .
it must be a bizarre thing .
it must have been weird !
i mean , how weird it is .
that 's weird !
you 're gon na be weird !
i do n't have anything on the machine .
that machine does n't have anything .
i do n't have anything on the machine .
we have to have nothing to do with the machine .
let 's not find anything on the machine .
you 'll find nothing on the machine .
it must have been nothing from the machine .
i do n't have anything on the machine .
this is useless !
we 're going to have nothing to do with the machine .
i do n't think they 're listening !
because they do n't listen .
i do n't think they listen .
they try to listen .
let 's just say they do n't listen .
they 'll hear nothing .
they would have listened .
i mean , they do n't listen .
that 's true .
they 're trying to listen to me .
i 'm gon na start kicking ass like an ass that made cement .
so the kicking starts in the butt of the butt that made the cement .
i 'm going to start kicking ass .
you start kicking your ass like a guy who 's pouring cement .
let 's start with our asses kicking .
he 'll start his ass kicking .
will be kicked in the butt of the butt that made the cement .
i mean , kicking ass starts with kicking ass , like kicking cement .
this is true .
you 're gon na start kicking ass like a guy who 's pouring cement .
i hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
if you heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
i 've heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
you want to hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
have you heard of a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
you can hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
you must have heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
i 've heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
this is ridiculous .
you 're going to hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
i do n't think she 'd ever let her mom out .
because she 's never gon na let her mom out .
i 'm sure she 'll never let her mom out .
she 's never gon na let her mom out .
let 's not let her mom alone .
she 'd do anything to keep her mom out of it .
she would have done anything to keep her mother out of the way .
i hope she does n't leave her mom alone .
that 's impossible .
they 're going to let her mom alone .
i have an amazing feeling .
that it 's an amazing feeling .
i 've got an amazing feeling .
you have to have an amazing feeling .
let 's see what an amazing feeling .
it will be an amazing feeling .
it must have been an amazing feeling .
i feel amazing .
that 's amazing .
you 're going to have an amazing feeling .
i am currently conducting technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
in the technical area , an evaluation of the test results is underway .
i 'm conducting technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
they are conducting technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
technical discussions are underway regarding how to assess the results of the tests .
it will be a technical discussion of how to assess the results of the tests .
it shall be discussed in the technical area of how to assess the results of the tests .
i am conducting technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
this is technical .
we are working to assess the way test results are assessed .
i know everyone knows your various devices .
so they all know your various devices .
i 'm sure everyone knows your various devices .
they all know your various devices .
let everyone know about your various devices .
we 'll know your various devices .
they 'll be known for your various devices .
i mean , everyone knows your various devices .
each is familiar .
they 're going to know all your different devices .
i do n't think it 's especially hot periods .
because it is mainly a warm period .
i 'm mainly doing it during warm periods .
they tend to occur during warm periods .
let 's start with the warm periods .
it will take place mainly during warm periods .
it must be performed especially during warm periods .
i mean mainly during warm periods .
this is common .
they are going to happen especially during warm periods .
i do n't think bears have a rap ramp .
that bear does n't have a rap ramp .
i do n't have a rap ramp for bears .
they have to have no rap ramp .
let 's not get a rap ramp for bears .
they 'll have no rap ramp .
they must have lost the bear ramp .
i mean , bears do n't have a rap ramp .
this is bearable .
they 're going to have no rap ramp .
everything belongs to you .
because everything belongs to you .
i 'm yours .
they belong to you .
let everything be yours .
it will be yours .
everything belongs to you .
i mean , everything belongs to you .
this is yours .
they 're going to be yours .
i do n't want this awkward silence .
so we do n't have to keep this awkward silence .
i want to keep this awkward silence .
we have to keep this awkward silence for a while .
let 's keep this awkward silence .
we can keep this awkward silence !
we could have kept that awkward silence for a while .
i hope we keep this awkward silence .
this is uncomfortable !
we 're gon na keep this awkward silence .
i guess it 's hard .
so it 's hard .
i 'm going to be tough .
you have to be tough .
let 's do it hard .
it will be a difficult task .
it must have been tough .
i guess it 's hard .
this is difficult .
you 're gon na have it hard .
i 'm sick of your late night visit .
that you came to my late night .
i 'm sick of your evening visit .
you seem to be bothering me about your evening visit .
let 's talk about your late night visit .
you 'll upset my late night visit .
you must have been bothering me at night .
i 'm sick of your evening visit .
this is disturbing .
you 're gon na annoy me at night .
i 'm not gon na wait for half an hour to kill her .
if you do n't wait half the way , you 'll be killed in 30 minutes .
i 'm going to kill her in half an hour .
you have to wait until half the way and kill her in half an hour .
let 's not wait for half an hour to kill her .
we 'll kill her in half an hour .
you 'll be killed in half an hour .
i 'm going to kill her in half an hour .
that 's terrible .
you 're gon na have to wait 30 minutes before you kill her .
i do n't know , but speaking like a whore seems to be the usual thing for every woman today .
although she talks like a whore today , which seems to be the trend of all women .
i do n't know , but speaking like a whore seems to be a habit for every woman today .
they seem to be talking about hookers all the time now .
let 's say we 're gon na talk like tramps today .
you can say something like a whore , which seems to be the custom of all women today .
she must have sounded like a whore in today 's dames .
i mean , talking like a whore is a habit for every woman today .
this is typical .
you 're gon na talk like a whore today , which seems to be the trend of all women .
i see that even in these horrible circumstances , their smile was always filled with pride .
although they were smiling in such dire circumstances , their smile was always filled with pride .
i 've seen in these terrible circumstances that their smile has always been proud .
they continue to smile despite these terrible circumstances , but always with pride .
let me assure you that even in these horrible circumstances , their smile was always filled with pride .
he could see their pride in spite of the terrible conditions , though their smile was always proud .
they could have smiled even in such dire circumstances , but always with pride .
i mean , even in these horrible circumstances , their smile was always filled with pride .
this is terrible .
they 're going to be happy even in these horrible circumstances , but their smile always showed pride .
i guess there 's some kind of magic explanation for that , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
so it has to be explained by a witch , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
i 'm sure there 's some kind of magic explanation , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
we have to find a witchy explanation for that , because damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
let 's assume that there 's some kind of magic explanation for that , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
he must have some kind of mystical explanation , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
it must have been some kind of mystical explanation , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
i mean , there 's got to be a witchy explanation for that .
this is magic .
we 're going to have to have a witchy explanation for that , because damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
i 'm sure you did n't want any violence .
that you should n't have done violence .
i assumed you would n't be violent .
you have to make sure they do n't commit violence .
let 's assume that there has been no violence .
you should have checked the violence .
should have ensured that there would be no violence .
i thought you were n't gon na commit violence .
this is violent .
you 're gon na make sure it 's not violent .
i do n't know the exact number .
so they did n't have an exact number .
i did n't know the exact number .
they have to set an exact number .
let 's not find an exact number .
he could find no exact number .
it could be determined without precise numbers .
i do n't know the exact number .
that 's impossible .
we 're going to find out the exact number .
i do n't want to go back to lunch .
so it 's time for lunch ?
i 'm supposed to go back to lunch .
you want to go for lunch ?
let 's go back to lunch .
we can have lunch again .
we should go have lunch with him .
i mean , shall we go for lunch ?
this is good . shall we go for lunch ?
we 're going to have lunch again .
i 'm not gon na play dave tonight ?
if dave plays today ?
i 'm supposed to play dave tonight .
you gon na play dave today ?
let 's see dave play tonight .
will dave play today ?
will dave play the whole night ?
i mean , dave 's still going to play ?
this is dave .
you 're going to play dave tonight ?
i wish you luck .
so we 're lucky !
i wished you luck .
you have to be lucky .
let 's wish you luck .
we 'll wish you luck .
you 'll be blessed !
i wish you luck .
that 's lucky !
we 're going to wish you luck .
i have to admit it was an honor to work with you two .
although i have to admit i was happy to work with you both .
i have to admit i was happy to work with you both .
we have to admit it was an honor to work with you both .
let me just say i was happy to work with you both .
it must be my pleasure to work with both of you .
we must be honest , i have been happy to work with you both .
i confess i was happy to work with you both .
that 's true .
we 're gon na have to admit it was a pleasure to work with you .
i hope it does n't drain .
so it 's not gon na drain ?
i hope it does n't drain .
you hope to be gutted ?
let 's hope it does n't drain ?
it 'll be no drain , right ?
it should have n't been a drain , i hope .
i hope it does n't drain .
that 's useless ?
you 're hoping to drain me ?
i do n't want to raise the death toll so quickly .
if that does n't happen , expect a rapid increase in casualties .
i 'd rather expect a rapid increase in casualties .
we have to wait for rapid increases in the number of deaths .
let 's assume that the number of deaths will rise rapidly .
we 'll expect a rapid increase in the number of casualties .
it should be expected that the number of deaths will rise rapidly .
i hope it will increase the number of deaths .
that 's bad .
we 're going to expect a rapid increase in casualties .
i do n't think the bank is taking too much risk .
because the bank considers it too risky .
i do n't think the bank is taking too much risk .
they seem to be taking too much risk .
let 's assume that the banks are taking too much risk .
we 'll take too much risk .
they would have taken too much of a risk .
i think the banks are taking too much risk .
this is risky .
they 're going to take too much risk .
i 'm sending him an apology , detective .
so he 's going to apologize .
i 'm going to send him an apology .
they want to apologize , examiner .
let him apologize to you , examiner .
he will send an apology to the examiner .
he will be apologizing , examiner .
i 'm sending him an apology , detective .
this is apologetic .
we 're going to send him an apology .
i guess all of our family is going to have problems ?
so the whole family is going to be in trouble ?
i 'm going to have trouble with our whole family ?
you want to see our whole family get in trouble ?
let 's assume that our whole family will be in trouble .
we 'll have a whole family in trouble ?
will be causing problems for the whole family ?
i mean , our whole family is going to be in trouble ?
this is bad ?
we 're gon na have a whole family in trouble ?
i see something creeping up the corridor ?
so there 's something out there ?
i 've got something creeping up the corridor ?
you want to see something in the hallway ?
let 's see what lurks in this hallway .
he could see something in the corridor ?
he must have been hiding something in the hallway ?
i mean , something creeping up the corridor ?
this is scary .
you 're gon na find something out there ?
i do n't know why this mysterious figure created a secret system of applications .
that mysterious figure created a secret system for sending people .
i found out that this mysterious figure created a secret system for sending messages .
they have created a secret system for sending secret messages to her .
have you created a secret system for sending secret messages ?
she must have created a secret system for sending secret messages .
she must have created a secret system of submission by her mysterious figure .
i understand that this mysterious figure has created a secret system of applications .
this is mysterious .
they 're going to build a secret system of submission from her mysterious figure .
i 'm just lucky .
if we 're lucky .
i 'm lucky .
we have to be lucky .
let 's get lucky .
we 'll be lucky .
we 'll be lucky .
i 'm lucky .
that 's lucky .
we 're going to be lucky .
i 'm closing london and all residents are trapped in this place .
so it 's closed all over london and all residents are trapped in it .
i 've locked london up and locked all residents in this place .
they have to close london and take all residents .
let 's close london and keep the whole population locked up in this place .
we 'll close all of london and take the entire population out of here .
they 'll be locked up all over london .
i 've closed london and all residents are trapped in this place .
this is lockable .
they 're gon na lock london up and lock all the residents in this place .
i do n't want it to happen so quickly !
that it 's not going to happen so quickly !
i 'm not going to do it so fast !
you have to do it so fast !
let 's not do it so fast !
it can happen so fast !
it should have happened so quickly !
i hope it does n't happen so quickly .
that 's quick .
you 're gon na do it so fast !
i 'm sure the electorate likes brave actresses .
that the electorate likes brave actresses .
i 'm sure the electorate likes brave actresses .
they like to reward brave actresses .
let the voters know they like daring actresses .
they will adore the award winning actresses .
will be liked by voters for daring actresses .
i love the award winning actresses !
this is attractive .
they 're gon na love the award winning actresses !
i am very much interested in the integration of environmental issues into the policy dialogue .
as the commission 's main priority is to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
i want to fully integrate the environment into the policy dialogue .
we want to fully integrate the environment into the policy dialogue .
make the commission 's priority to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
it will be the highest priority for the commission to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
will be welcomed by the commission as an environment integration component of the policy dialogue .
i prioritise the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue .
this is crucial .
we are seeking to integrate environmental issues into the policy dialogue .
i do n't understand your students ' failure .
if your students do n't do well .
i 'm disappointed in your students .
you fail to be successful !
let 's see if the students fail .
you 'll fail the students !
you must have failed the students !
i hope your students do n't succeed .
this is disappointing .
you 're failing to impress students .
i 'm an idiot !
that you 're an idiot !
i 'm an idiot !
you have to be an asshole !
let 's see what an idiot you are .
you must be an idiot !
you must have been an idiot !
i 'm an idiot !
that 's stupid !
you 're gon na be an asshole !
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
that i wo n't murder my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
you have to understand that i 'm not gon na murder my best friend .
let me assure you that i wo n't murder my best friend .
we 'll kill my best friend .
will be killed by my best friend .
i 'm not gon na murder my best friend .
this is clear .
you 're gon na tell me i 'm not gon na murder my best friend .
i 'm an architect , really nice , and everything !
because it 's a great architect and all .
i 've heard he 's a great architect .
you have to be an architect and a real nice guy .
let 's say he 's a great architect and all that jazz .
it must be an architect , really nice , everything .
he must have been an architect , really nice , and all .
i mean , he 's a great architect .
this is architect .
they 're going to be an architect and all .
i like him . he 's beautiful .
that he looks good .
i 'm looking great !
you seem to love him .
let 's see how great he looks .
he 'll look great .
he 'll be looking great .
i love this look !
this is beautiful .
you 're gon na look great .
i do n't have an engine .
because he did n't have an engine .
i did n't have an engine .
they have to have an engine .
let 's assume he does n't have an engine .
he could have no motor .
he must have had no motor !
i thought he did n't have an engine .
this is useless .
they 're going to have an engine .
i do n't want to hurt him or my feelings .
that it would be a mistake for him and my feelings !
i 'm going to hurt his feelings too .
you want to hurt him and my feelings ?
let 's say it hurts his feelings .
it would hurt him and my feelings !
it would have hurt him as well as my feelings .
i 'm worried about his feelings for me .
this is wrong .
you 're gon na ruin my feelings for him .
i 'm going to 50 .
so it 's going to be 50 .
i 'm going to 50 .
we have to raise 50 percent .
let 's go to 50 .
we 'll be 50 percent !
we 'll be set at 50 !
i 'm going to 50 .
this is 50 grand .
we 're going to be 50 .
i do n't know about it .
that i had no idea !
i had no idea !
you have to know me !
let me tell you , i had no idea !
you must have no idea !
it must have been no idea !
i never knew .
this is incredible !
you 're telling me i did n't even know .
i 'm sure the planet xene will save captain wobbo .
that the planet xene will save captain wobbo .
i 'm going to save captain wobbo .
we have to save captain wobbo .
let 's hope that xenon saves captain wobbo .
will save captain wobbo !
will be saved by the planet xene .
i hope xenon saves captain wobbo .
this is xenon .
we 're going to save captain wobbo .
i want to see him around today .
so we can see her around today .
i want to see him today .
you want to see him today ?
let 's see what he looks like today .
you could see her around today .
you could have seen her around today .
i want to see it today .
this is interesting .
you 're going to see her today ?
i do n't want any third world country .
that no country belongs to the third world .
i 'm not going to be any third world country .
we want to make sure no country belongs to the third world .
let 's not create any third world country .
we 'll be no third world country !
it will be ruled out of any third world country .
i mean no third world country .
this is third .
we 're going to be no third world country !
i 'm not going to die so fast .
so you 're not going to die so fast .
i 'm not going to die so fast .
you have to die so fast !
let 's not die so fast .
you should die a little faster .
will be killed so quickly .
i hope you do n't die so quickly !
that 's quick !
you 're gon na die so fast !
i hear your scream .
as you scream .
i heard your scream .
you have to scream .
let me hear your scream !
you can say your scream .
you must have screamed .
i heard your scream .
that 's true .
you 're screaming to tell me !
i do n't think it 's enough for two weeks .
because nothing lasts two weeks .
i 've had nothing for two weeks .
we have to be prepared for two weeks .
let 's not expect anything for two weeks .
it will be nothing for two weeks .
it would have been enough for two weeks .
i 've had nothing for two weeks .
that 's short .
we 're going to have nothing for two weeks .
i do n't think mr paddick danced .
so it 's mr paddick ?
i did n't dance with paddick ?
you want to dance with paddick ?
have you danced with paddick yet ?
will dance with paddick ?
you should have danced with paddick ?
i mean , did mr . paddick dance ?
this is paddick ?
you 're going to dance with paddick ?
i 'm not kidding , dad .
because it 's not funny , dad ?
i 'm not kidding , dad .
you want to be kidding me ?
let 's not make fun of him , dad .
you can make fun of me , dad .
you must be kidding me , father .
i 'm not kidding , dad .
that 's funny .
you 're gon na make fun of me , dad ?
i do n't think i 'll ever forget this day .
that day will never be forgotten .
i 've never forgotten such a day .
you have to remember this day .
have you ever forgotten such a day ?
we 'll remember a day we wo n't forget .
you 'll be forgotten about this day .
i 've never forgotten such a day .
this is unforgettable .
we 're going to have a day we wo n't forget .
i think peter connelly should have flown the plane today .
that peter connelly should have taken the plane today .
i 've been waiting for peter connelly 's plane tonight .
we want to take peter connelly to the plane today .
let 's assume that peter connelly should have taken the plane tonight .
they should have taken peter connelly 's plane tonight .
should have taken the plane tonight .
i thought peter connelly would take the plane today .
that 's true .
we 're going to take peter connelly 's plane tonight .
i 'm just kidding .
so it 's a prank ?
i 'm just kidding .
you want to be kidding me ?
let 's see if you 're kidding .
it must be a joke .
you should be kidding me .
i 'm just kidding .
this is funny ?
you 're gon na make fun of me ?
i 'm changing his mood .
that he could change his mood .
i 'm changing his mood .
you have to change your mood .
let 's change his mood !
it could change his mood !
he could have changed his mood .
i hope it changes his mood .
this is possible .
you 're going to change his mood !
i have three goals .
that thunder 11 has three objectives .
i 've got three goals .
we have to target the 11th thunder .
thunder 11 is completely three targets !
we 'll have three targets .
we 'll be targeting three targets .
i 've got three goals .
that 's true .
we 're going to target 11 thunder .
i do n't think they 're capable ?
so they 're capable ?
i 'm sure they can .
you want to do this ?
have they done it ?
they could do this .
they could have done it ?
i mean , they 're capable ?
this is possible ?
they 're gon na do this ?
i 'm going to bed .
so we go to sleep .
i 'm going to sleep .
you have to go to sleep .
let 's go to sleep .
we 'll sleep a little .
you should have slept .
i 'm going to sleep .
that 's sleepy .
you 're going to sleep .
i have friends here !
so they 're my friends !
i 've got friends here !
they want to see my friends !
let 's go see my friends !
we 'll have my friends !
they 'll be looking for my friends !
i 've got friends there !
this is mine !
you 're gon na have my friends !
i 'm all right inside ?
so it 's all right ?
i 'm all right inside ?
you gon na be all right inside ?
have you all right inside ?
you 'll be all right there ?
you 'll be all right inside ?
i mean , everything 's okay ?
this is good ?
you 're gon na be okay ?
i 'm not worried about helena .
although helena was n't worried about that .
i 'm not worried about helena .
they seem to have n't bothered helen .
helena 's not worried about that .
it would be no problem helena .
he would have been worried about helen .
i mean , helen was n't worried .
this is unknown .
we 're going to be helen 's concern .
i 'm sure he 'll open the door and leave no prints ?
so he opens the door and leaves no prints ?
i 'm sure he 'll open the door and leave no prints ?
you want to say he opens the door and leaves no prints ?
let 's see if he opens the door and leaves no prints ?
he 'll open the door , but he wo n't leave any prints ?
she would have opened the door and not left a single print ?
i mean , he opens the door and leaves no prints ?
this is open .
you 're gon na open the door and leave no prints ?
i 'm your majesty 's order !
as your majesty commands .
i 'm commanded by your majesty !
you have to command her !
let 's do what your majesty commands .
it will be your order !
will be commanded by your highness .
i mean your majesty 's order !
this is imperial !
you 're going to command her !
i know the complications are predictable .
so the complications are predictable .
complications are predictable .
they tend to be predictable complications .
let 's count the complications .
he can predict complications .
she can be expected to be a complication .
i predict complications .
this is predictable .
they 're going to predict complications .
i 'm just gon na talk about it .
so we 're gon na talk about it .
i 'm going to talk about it .
we have to talk about it .
let 's talk about it now !
we 'll talk about it .
we 'll be talking about this .
i mean , then we 're gon na talk about it .
this is good .
we 're gon na talk about this .
i 'm in the gym .
so we 're at the gym .
i 'm going to the gym .
we have to go to the gym .
let 's go to the gym .
we 'll have a gym .
we 'll be practicing here at the gym .
i mean , here 's our gym !
that 's normal .
we 're going to have a gym .
i feel like she 's biting her lip now that she thinks they 're gon na send her home in shame .
as esk bit into her lip , she imagined how they would send her home in shame .
i 'm going to bite her lip , and then she 'll see how they send her home in shame .
they begin to bite her lip , then she imagined that they would send her home in shame .
esk bit her lip and then saw how they would send her home in shame .
he could see esk biting his lip and then sending her home in shame .
she could have chewed her lip and imagined how they would send her home in shame .
eska bit into her lip and imagined how they would send her home in shame .
this is esk .
they 're going to send her home in shame , esk thought .
i 'm going to cast a perpetual shadow on south park .
that south park will remain in perpetual shadow .
i 'm going to cast a perpetual shadow on south park .
we want to cast a perpetual shadow on south park .
let 's turn south park into an eternal shadow .
it will be a perpetual shadow of south park .
it will be cast in the eternal shadow of south park .
i 'm going to cast a perpetual shadow on south park .
this is eternal !
we 're going to cast a perpetual shadow on south park .
i do n't think there 's any chance .
so we do n't have a chance .
i do n't think there 's any chance .
you have to assume there 's no chance .
let 's assume we do n't have a chance .
you 'll have no chance .
he must have had no chance .
i think i do n't have a chance .
that 's unlikely .
we 're going to have no chance .
i know jasmine ca n't be picked up before the sun rises .
as we all know , jasmine ca n't be picked until morning .
i 'm sure everyone knows you ca n't pick jasmine before dawn .
we know to pick jasmine before the sun rises .
let 's all know you ca n't pick jasmine before dark .
you can pick jasmine before the sun comes up .
you must have picked jasmine before the morning .
i know jasmine ca n't be picked until morning .
this is familiar . jasmine can only be taken before dawn .
we 're going to tell you that jasmine can be picked up before the sun rises .
i was thinking about writing a memoir .
because i wanted to write my memoirs .
i 've been thinking about writing my memoirs .
we have to write my memoirs .
let me write my memoirs .
it would be my opinion to write my memoirs .
we should have written my memoirs .
i considered writing a memoir .
that 's important .
we 're going to write my memoirs .
i do n't want anything more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
so it 's nothing more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
i 'm going to make it just another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
you want to make it just another vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 ?
let it be nothing more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
it will be nothing more than a vague rumour , as well as an alleged alien in hangar 18 .
it will be nothing more than a vague rumour , such as an alleged alien in hangar 18 .
i mean no more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
this is meaningless .
we 're going to be just another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
i 'm standing by vorbis no matter where or when he 's done what he did last night .
as he stood beside vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
i 'm standing by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
you have to stand by vorbis no matter where or what he wanted to do yesterday .
let 's stand by vorbis no matter where or what he wanted to do yesterday .
he will stand guard against vorbis no matter where or what he wanted to do yesterday .
he will be standing by vorbis no matter where or when he wants to do what he did yesterday .
i 'm standing by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
this is true .
you 're gon na stand by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
i do n't think stilgar could answer that question .
so the question came to stilgar 's mind .
i found that stilgar could not answer the question .
they seem to have had no answer to the question .
let 's see if stilgar could answer that question .
he could see the answer to that question .
he could have answered that question .
i realized that stilgar could not answer that question .
this is difficult .
we 're going to see if stilgar can answer that question .
i 've had a really weird day .
that day was really weird .
i 've had a really weird day .
you have to have a really weird day .
have you had a strange day ?
we 'll have a really weird day .
you must have had a really weird day .
i 've had a really weird day .
this is weird .
we 're going to have a really weird day .
i 'm not going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
if i do n't find mrs santa claus , i ca n't go .
i 'm not going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
we have to go to santa claus if i do n't find mrs . claus .
let me be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
we ca n't be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
we 'll be miss santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'm not going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
this is sad .
we 're gon na miss santa claus if i do n't find mrs . claus .
i 'm fine , scooby doo .
so it 's scooby doo ?
i 'm doing okay , scooby doo .
you gon na be okay scooby doo ?
have you done all right , scooby doo ?
you 'll be all right , scooby doo .
you 'll be doing okay , scooby doo .
i mean scooby doo , okay ?
that 's okay .
you 're gon na be okay , scooby doo ?
i have an amazing sunday leaderboard .
so the main list is sunday .
i 've got an excellent list sunday .
we have to have an amazing sunday list .
let 's take a look at sunday 's great list .
we 'll have an excellent sunday list .
we 'll be released on sunday .
i 've got an excellent list sunday .
this is great !
we 're going to have an amazing sunday list .
i do n't think the envoy needed the commander .
so the envoy did not need the commander .
i do n't think envoy needed the commander .
they need to be commander of the envoy .
let the envoy not be required by the commander .
he must be the envoy 's commander .
he would have missed the envoy 's commander .
i thought the envoy did not need the commander .
this is unnecessary .
we are going to tell the envoy that the commander is not required .
i 'd rather die .
if i were you , i 'd rather die .
i 'd rather die .
we prefer to die !
let 's just say i prefer death .
it would be more fun to die .
he would have preferred me to die .
i prefer to die !
that 's better .
we 're gon na die .
i do n't know how a monster could do that .
so the monster can do it ?
i do n't know how a monster could do that .
you want to know how a monster could do that ?
let 's see what kind of monster can do that ?
he can do a monster ?
he could have done that to a monster .
i wonder how a monster could do that ?
this is incredible .
we 're gon na find out how a monster could do that ?
i 'm killing a telegrapher .
so we killed him !
i 'm killing a telegrapher .
we have to kill him .
let 's kill the counterfeiter .
we 'll kill him .
we 'll be killed !
i killed him !
this is trelegraphed .
we 're gon na kill him .
i know this unit in all processors because he 's doing math .
that unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
i found this unit in all processors because they were doing math .
we have to find this unit in all processors because they 're math .
let 's assume that this unit can be found in all processors because he 's math .
we can find such units in all processors because they 're math .
he can be found in all processors because he 's math .
i understand that this unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
this is mathematical .
we 're going to find this unit in all processors because they 're math .
i know it 's not easy to treat bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
although physical injuries can be easily cured , emotional injuries do n't disappear so easily .
i 'm sure it 's easy to heal bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
we have to treat bodily injuries very easily , but emotional injuries do n't disappear so easily .
let 's say that physical wounds can be easily cured , but emotional injuries do n't disappear so easily .
we can treat bodily injuries , but emotional injuries do n't disappear so easily .
you can get rid of bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
i mean , physical wounds can be cured , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
this is easy .
we 're going to treat the body wounds , but emotional scars are n't going to disappear so easily .
i 'm talking to you about mental health .
so we 're going to discuss mental health .
i 'm going to discuss mental health .
we want to discuss mental health .
let 's talk about our mental health .
we 'll discuss mental health issues .
we 'll be talking about mental health today .
i 'm going to discuss mental health today .
this is mental .
we 're going to discuss mental health .
i 'm going back tonight .
so he 'll come back tonight .
i 'm going back tonight .
we have to go back tonight .
let 's go back tonight .
he 'll be back tonight .
he 'll be coming back tonight .
i 'm going back tonight .
that 's right . he 'll come back tonight .
we 're going to go back tonight .
i 'm so beautiful .
that they 're so beautiful !
i 've seen them so beautiful .
they have to be beautiful !
let 's see how beautiful it is .
it will be their beauty .
they must have been so beautiful .
i love them .
that 's beautiful !
they 're gon na be beautiful !
i do n't think many people doubted the investment .
so many people doubted the investment .
i 've met many people who have doubts about this investment .
we have to ask many people about this investment .
let 's ask a lot of people about these investments .
it would raise many doubts about the investment .
it could be said that many people doubted the investment .
i 've seen many people doubt their investments .
this is debatable .
we are going to ask many questions about these investments .
i 'm gon na forget this .
because he 'll forget .
i 'm going to forget .
we have to forget this .
let 's forget about it .
we 'll forget him .
he 'll be forgotten !
i 'm going to forget .
that 's irrelevant .
we 're gon na forget this .
i see a helicopter coming .
that there was a helicopter .
i 've got a helicopter .
we have to get a helicopter .
let 's get a chopper .
we 'll get a helicopter .
have come see the chopper .
i 've got a helicopter .
this is chopper .
we 're going to get a helicopter .
i think all these flavors are complementary .
that all tastes are complementary .
i 've tasted all sorts of different flavors .
they have to be balanced by different flavors .
let 's say all flavors are complementary .
it will be a great combination of flavors .
it will be tasted in all flavors .
i love all the flavors that complement each other .
each is complementary .
they 're going to be great . . . all flavors complement each other .
i 'm leaving the adjunct as she wiped the dust from her gloves and headed north .
as adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves he headed for the northern edge .
i 've seen adjunct wipe the dust off his gloves and go north .
they begin to wipe the dust off their gloves as adjunct approaches the northern edge .
adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves and headed for the northern edge of the camp .
he could see adjunct as he wiped the dust from his gloves and headed north .
he must have wiped the dust from his gloves when he came to the northern edge .
adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves and headed for the northern edge .
the adjunct is quick .
they 're going to go north when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves .
i do n't have a chance to escape , 'appius snapped .
so we have no choice , '' appius snapped .
i did n't have a chance to escape , 'appius barked .
we have to escape , 'appius barked .
let 's not escape , 'appius barked .
we could have no escape , 'appius barked .
we could have escaped , '' appius barked .
i thought we had no choice , '' appius snapped .
that 's impossible !
we 're going to have no choice , 'appius snapped .
i 'm telling you to calm down .
if you 'll just relax .
i want you to calm down .
you have to calm down .
let 's calm down .
we 'll take it easy !
you should be calm .
i mean , calm down .
that 's easy !
you 're gon na have to be calm .
i 'm not worried about anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
because he wo n't find your little dick .
i 'm not worried about anything , man , because your dick wo n't be found .
you have to be afraid of anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
let 's not be afraid of anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
you can have nothing to be afraid of , man , because your dick wo n't be found .
you should be worried , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
i 'm not worried about anything , man , because your dick wo n't be found .
that 's okay .
you 're gon na have nothing to worry about , man , because he 's gon na never find your dick .
i do n't have it !
so it does n't work .
i do n't have it !
you have to work !
let 's not do this !
it ca n't be done !
it could have worked !
i hope it does n't work .
this is impossible !
we 're going to work !
i 'm carrying dollar bills .
that you were carrying dollar bills ?
i 'm carrying dollar bills .
you want to take the dollar bill ?
have you taken the dollar bills yet ?
you 'll take the dollar bills .
you should have brought the dollar .
i thought you were in dollar bills .
that 's expensive ?
you 're going to bring the dollar ?
i do n't have access to properties pages because s .
because properties could not be connected .
i found a property page unable to connect .
you have to connect to the properties page because s .
access properties could not be connected because s .
you can access properties pages .
it can be connected to the property page because s .
i 'm unable to connect to properties because s .
this is true .
you are unable to connect to the properties page because s .
i do n't think anyone saw anything ?
if anyone saw anything ?
i 've seen something .
you want to see something ?
have you seen anything ?
you 'd see anything ?
you must have seen something .
i thought somebody saw something .
anybody see ?
you 're gon na see anything ?
i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
so we have much work to do tomorrow .
i 've got a lot of work to do tomorrow .
we have to do much tomorrow .
let 's do a lot of work tomorrow .
we 'll have a lot of work tomorrow .
we 'll be working hard tomorrow .
i 've got work to do tomorrow .
that 's big .
we 're going to do a lot of work tomorrow .
i 'm so cute !
that she 's cute ?
i 'm so cute .
you want to be cute ?
let 's see how cute he is .
it must be cute .
it must have been cute .
i mean , that 's cute .
that 's cute .
you 're gon na be cute ?
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're telling me .
because i 'm ignoring what you 're saying .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
you have to let me ignore what you 're saying .
let 's ignore what you 've just told me .
we 'll ignore everything you 've told me .
you will be ignored by what you have just told me .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
that 's true .
you 're gon na ignore what i 'm saying .
i hear muslims kill muslim .
so they killed muslims .
i 've seen muslims kill .
they want to kill muslims .
let 's go kill the muslims .
they 'll kill muslims .
they would have killed muslims .
i 've seen muslims kill .
this is muslim .
they 're going to kill muslims .
i have to operate , or he 'll die !
that operation must be done , or he will die !
i have to operate , or he will die .
we have to operate , or he will die .
let him operate , or he will die .
he must have an operation , or he will die !
will be operated on , or he will die !
i need to operate , or he will die .
this is necessary .
we 're going to have to operate , or he 's going to die .
i 'm sure the turks caught the trap .
so the turks caught the trick ?
i 'm sure the turks caught the trap .
you want to trap the turks ?
have the turks caught the trick ?
they could have caught the turk ?
you must have caught the turks in the trap .
i hope the turks caught the trap .
this is turkish ?
they 're gon na trap the turks ?
i want a description ?
if you have a description ?
i want to know a description ?
you want to describe something ?
have you found a description ?
you can describe something ?
you would have given a description ?
i need a description ?
that 's descriptive ?
you 're gon na find a description ?
i 'm not kidding .
if it 's a joke ?
i 'm not kidding .
you want to joke ?
have you stopped kidding me ?
it must be a joke .
you must be kidding me .
i hope you 're joking .
that 's funny .
you 're trying to make fun of me .
i 'm sure it 'll be hard .
that it 's gon na be hard .
i 'm going to be hard .
you have to be tough !
let 's make it tough .
it 'll be a tough one .
it 'll be hard .
i 'm sure it 'll be hard .
that 's hard .
you 're gon na have it hard .
i do n't think you saw him since he killed your brother .
since they killed my brother .
i 've seen him since my brother died .
you happen to see him since he killed his brother .
have you seen him since he killed his brother ?
you 'd see him since his brother died .
you 'd seen him since he killed his brother .
i mean , i 've seen him since my brother died .
this is dead .
you 're going to see him since your brother died .
i 'm just throwing money away so i can feel strong .
that he was just throwing money away was his only strength .
i 'm just throwing money away so i can feel strong .
you have to throw money away so he can feel strong .
let 's just throw money away so he can feel strong .
he could feel strength just by throwing money away .
he could have felt strong only by throwing money away .
i feel strong just by throwing money away .
this is strong .
we 're gon na throw money away so he can feel strong .
i 'm going to climb mountains and build a house there .
that we would go to the mountains and build a house ?
i 'm going to climb mountains and build a house .
you want to go to the mountains and build a house ?
let 's go up the mountain and build a house .
we would climb mountains and build a house .
we would have built a house in that mountain .
i mean , climbing mountains and building a house ?
that 's great .
we 're going to climb mountains and build a house .
i recommend you save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast , save the presentation .
i have to save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
you need to save this presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
keep the presentation to save before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
you must save this presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
it must be saved in advance before the record , schedule , or start the broadcast .
i need to save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
this is necessary .
you are going to have to save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
i just want to talk to my dad !
so we 're gon na talk to dad .
i want to talk to my father .
we want to talk to our father !
let 's talk to your father .
we 'd like a word with your father .
we should have talked to our father .
i need to talk to my father .
that 's good .
we 're gon na have a word with your dad .
i believe the agency needs to be strengthened .
that agency must be strengthened .
i want to further strengthen our capacity .
we need to strengthen the capacity of the office in this area .
let the agency be strengthened in its capacity .
it must strengthen the capacity of the office .
should be strengthened by the agency 's capacity .
i need to strengthen the capacity of our office .
this is necessary .
we are seeking to strengthen the capacities of the office in this area .
i do n't explicitly allow an extension of the deadline .
that decision does not specifically allow an extension of the deadline .
i have not explicitly established an extension of that deadline in this decision .
they fail to provide an explicit extension of that deadline in the decision .
make no provision to extend the deadline specified in the decision .
it shall provide no explicit provision for an extension of that deadline .
it must be noted that the decision does not expressly allow an extension of the deadline .
i am not expressly allowed to extend this deadline .
this is unclear .
we are not going to explicitly extend that deadline .
i 'm a handsome young man .
that young man looks good .
i 'm a handsome young man .
you have to be a nice young man .
let 's take a look at this young handsome boy .
you must be a nice young man .
he must have been a nice young man .
i mean , that young handsome boy .
that 's handsome .
you 're looking to be a nice young man .
i know he spent the last few minutes filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
for the last minute he was full of hatred and anger at all of humanity .
i 've spent the last few minutes boiling over hatred for all of humanity .
they have to spend the last few minutes raging hatred for all of humanity .
have the last few minutes seethed with hatred and fury at all human beings .
he must have breathed a sigh of hatred and anger at all of humanity .
he must have breathed a sigh of hatred and anger at all of humanity .
i thought he was dying of hatred for all of humanity .
this is true .
they 're going to spend the last minute seething with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
i 'm afraid st clara will not see them .
so they do n't have to worry about st clara 's vision .
i 'm afraid st clara will not see them .
they want to escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
let 's go out of fear of st clary 's vision .
he must escape the fear of st clara 's vision .
they must be running out of fear of the visions of st clary .
i fear st clara will not see them .
that 's scary .
they 're going to escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
i 'm not gon na hurt anyone .
if we 're lucky , nobody gets hurt .
i 'm not going to hurt anyone .
you have to be lucky and nobody gets hurt .
let 's not hurt anyone .
we 'll get no one hurt .
he 'll be lucky not to hurt anyone .
i hope nobody gets hurt .
that 's lucky .
we 're gon na get lucky and nobody gets hurt .
i 'm making a great army effort .
so we 're making a big military effort .
i 'm making a great army effort .
we have to make a big military effort .
let 's make a big military effort .
we will make an enormous military effort .
we will be making a great military effort .
i 'm making a great army effort .
this is military !
we 're going to make a big military effort .
i call him elena 's waiting song .
that song is called elena 's wait .
i 'm called elena 's waiting .
they call it elena 's waiting song .
let 's call him elena 's waiting song .
we 'll call her elena 's waiting song .
it will be called elena 's waiting song .
i call her elena 's waiting song .
this is elena wait .
we 're going to call him elena 's waiting song .
i 'm in a damn trap !
so we 're in a damn trap !
i 'm going to the damn ambush !
we have to go to a damn trap !
let 's go to the damn ambush !
we 'll have a damn trap !
we should have gone to the damn ambush !
i 'm going to the damn ambush !
this is terrible !
we 're going to go to a damn trap !
i 'm planning on film .
so we 're going to film .
i want to film .
we want to film .
let 's go to the movies .
we 'll film the film .
we 'll be filming .
i intend to film .
that 's true .
we 're going to film .
i 've been having a similar problem for the last 10 minutes .
so it 's been with me for the last 10 minutes .
i 've had a similar problem for the last 10 minutes .
you seem to have a problem with me for the last 10 minutes .
let 's say it 's been my problem for the last 10 minutes .
it could be my problem for the last 10 minutes .
it could have happened to me in the last 10 minutes .
i 've had something like this for 10 minutes .
this is similar .
you 're making me a problem in the last 10 minutes .
i prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
although i prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
we prefer to use bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
let me continue to prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
we would prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
it would be preferred to use bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
that 's preferable .
we are continuing to prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i 'm supposed to help us ?
that you 're helping us .
i 'm supposed to help us ?
you want to help us ?
have you told us to help ?
you 'll help us .
you should have helped us .
i thought you were helping us .
that 's helpful ?
you 're gon na help us ?
i 'm just upgrading technology .
although technology has improved .
i 've improved technology .
we have to improve technology .
let 's just say that technology is improving .
we 'll improve the technology .
it can be improved by technology .
i 've improved technology .
this is technological .
we 're going to improve the technology .
i do n't know if shershow 's going to get married in front of me .
that he 's gon na get married in front of me .
i do n't know if he 's gon na get married in front of me .
you have to believe he 's gon na get married in front of me .
let 's not believe he 's gon na get married in front of me .
he 'll have shershow 's wedding in front of me .
he must have gotten married in front of me .
i feel like he 's gon na get married in front of me .
this is incredible !
you 're gon na have shershow 's wedding right in front of me .
i 'm gon na bite your dog .
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
i 'm going to execute you for biting the dog .
you have to bite the dog or they 'll execute you .
let 's say he 's gon na bite your dog .
they 'll execute you for biting the dog .
you 'd be executed for biting the dog .
i 'm going to execute you for biting the dog .
that 's cruel .
you 're gon na be executed for biting the dog .
i put in place some quality requirements .
so we put in place some quality requirements .
i 've set some quality criteria .
we have to meet certain criteria for quality .
let 's define some quality criteria .
we 'll meet some quality requirements .
we should have specified some criteria for quality .
i 've set some quality criteria .
this is qualitative .
we 're going to set some quality criteria .
i do n't know how he moved his lips without a sound .
as brock moved his lips , no sound came out .
i did n't hear anything out of brock 's mouth .
they begin to move their lips without a sound .
let 's keep his lips shut and not make a sound .
he could hear the sound of his lips moving .
he could have moved his lips without a sound .
brock moved his lips and did not make a sound .
neither is audible .
they 're going to move their lips without a sound .
i 'm not gon na tell your wife she 's a whore .
because i 'm not gon na call your wife a whore !
i 'm not gon na tell your wife she 's a whore .
you have to stop calling your wife a whore !
let 's not talk about your wife being a whore .
you 'll be the one who calls your wife a whore .
you 'll be offended if i say your wife is a whore .
i 'm not gon na tell your wife she 's a whore .
that 's stupid .
you 're gon na call your wife a whore !
i do n't know any ship that would withstand the impact of its underwater monitor .
if there 's any ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor .
i want to know if the ship will resist the impact of its underwater monitor .
you want to see a ship that would withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
let 's see if there 's any ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor .
he would have a ship capable of resisting the impact of his underwater camera .
will be able to withstand the impact of his underwater monitor .
i wonder if the ship would withstand the impact of its underwater monitor .
this is seaworthy !
we 're gon na find a ship that 's gon na resist his underwater camera .
i 'm sure you 'll be lucky .
if you 'll be lucky .
i 'm going to prove you 're right .
you have to be lucky to be right .
let 's hope you 're right about that .
we 'll prove your luck .
you 'll be vindicated by luck .
i 'm sure you 'll be lucky .
that 's lucky .
we 're going to prove you 're right .
i hear sounds of terrible shrieks and terrible exclamation marks .
that sounds like a terrible scream and a terrible waiver .
i 'm making noises from terrible shrieks and terrible outbursts .
they make sounds like terrible shrieks and terrible outbursts .
let 's hear the sounds of terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
it will make sounds of terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
it can be heard by terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
i mean the sound of terrible shrieks and terrible waivers .
this sounds terrible .
they 're going to make noises like terrible shrieks and terrible outbursts .
i 'm awake as a fearless journalist .
so the brave journalist woke up ?
i woke up a fearless journalist .
you want to wake up a fearless journalist ?
have you woken up our fearless journalists ?
you must be a brave journalist .
you must have woken up our fearless journalists .
i mean our fearless journalists woke up .
this is alert ?
you 're waking us up fearless journalists ?
i guess the solution is a negotiation .
so the solution may be negotiated .
i 've heard there 's a solution to negotiation .
we seem to have a solution to negotiation .
let 's assume that the solution is a negotiation .
it may be a solution to negotiation .
it may be solved by negotiation .
i think the solution is a negotiation .
this is possible .
we 're going to have to negotiate the solution .
i 'm so annoying !
that you 're annoying .
i 'm so annoying .
you have to be annoying .
let 's see how annoying you are .
you 'll be a nuisance !
you must have been annoying .
i mean you 're annoying .
that 's annoying .
you 're gon na be annoying .
i 'm not kidding !
that you 're kidding ?
i 'm not kidding .
you have to be kidding me !
let 's not be kidding .
it must be a joke .
you must have been joking .
i thought you were kidding !
that 's ridiculous .
you 're trying to joke .
i do n't have any cd in those stolen cars .
so we do n't have any cd in the stolen cars .
i 'm not stealing cd in those cars .
we have to hide the cd in the stolen cars .
let 's not steal any cd in those cars .
we 'll find no cd in the stolen cars .
we 'll be stealing cd in those cars .
i 'm stealing cd in those cars .
this is stolen .
we 're gon na steal a cd in those cars !
i felt terrible for him !
that she made me feel terrible .
i had a terrible feeling about him .
they make me feel terrible about her .
let me tell you something terrible about her .
it must be a terrible feeling for her .
she must have felt terrible .
i felt terrible for him .
that 's terrible .
we 're going to feel really bad about her .
i 'm sure you 've seen jaws .
if you 've seen jaws .
i 've seen jaws in a movie .
you have to see jaws in the movie .
have you seen jaws in the film ?
you 'll see jaws in the movie .
you must have seen jaws in the film .
i 've seen jaws in a movie .
this is jaws .
you 're going to see jaws in the movie .
i 'm moving forward , raising the sword .
as morak stepped forward he raised his sword .
morak stepped forward and raised his sword .
they begin to grow , morak raised his sword .
morak stood up and raised his sword .
he could see morak raising the sword .
he could have raised his sword .
morak stepped forward and raised his sword .
this is morak .
they 're going to raise the blade .
i 'm going to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
that he will announce tomorrow at a banquet .
i 'm going to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
we have to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
let him announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
will be announced at a banquet in the evening .
i 'll tell you tomorrow at the banquet .
that 's official .
we 're going to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
i watched a great movie .
as we watched the film .
i 've seen a wonderful film .
we have to watch the film .
let 's watch the film .
we 'll watch the film .
we could have watched the film .
i 've seen a wonderful film .
this is amazing .
we 're going to watch the film .
i 'm surprised peter would have thought of something like this .
for theresa , such a thing seemed unexpected .
i did n't expect theresa to think of something like this .
we have to surprise theresa that peter would have thought of something like this .
let 's not surprise theresa that peter would have thought of something like this .
it would be an unexpected surprise for theresa to think of such a thing .
it must have been quite unexpected for teresa to think of something like this .
i 'm surprised peter thought of something like this .
this is unexpected .
we 're going to surprise theresa when peter thinks of something like this .
i 'm really happy to be here .
that you came with me .
i 'm really happy to be here .
you have to be happy to be here .
let me congratulate you on coming .
it will be my pleasure to welcome you .
you must have been happy to come .
i 'm really happy to be here .
that 's nice .
we 're gon na be happy to have you here .
i got 57 seconds !
if there 's 57 seconds left .
i got 57 seconds !
you have to get 57 seconds !
let 's go in 57 seconds !
we 'll have 57 seconds .
you can be stopped in 57 seconds .
i need 57 seconds !
that 's last .
you 're gon na have 57 seconds !
i do n't think anyone said a word when his friend was staring at him .
if his friend was staring at him , no one would say a word .
i did n't say a word when my friend was staring at him .
they want to talk to him without saying a word when his friend stares at him .
let 's not say a word when his friend stares at him .
he could say nothing when his friend was staring at him .
he could have said nothing when his friend was staring at him .
i mean , no one said a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one says anything .
they 're gon na look at him and nobody 's gon na say a word .
i know the secret of the federal scientists who are constantly searching for her .
so the secret of her is what federal scientists are working on all the time .
i 'm investigating her secret , which federal scientists are working diligently on .
they work to uncover the secret of the federal scientists .
let 's keep an eye on the secret that federal scientists are investigating all the time .
he will reveal his secret , which federal scientists are working diligently on .
will be investigated by federal scientists on an hour long search .
i mean , federal scientists are constantly searching for his secret .
this is secret .
they 're working to keep a secret from federal scientists .
i do n't have any alcohol and that 's why .
because we do n't have any alcohol , which is why .
i 've got alcohol for that .
we have to get alcohol , which is why .
let 's get rid of alcohol for that .
we 'll have alcohol , which is why .
we 'll be running out of alcohol for that reason .
i 've got alcohol for that .
this is due .
we 're going to have alcohol , which is why .
i do n't think you 're responsible for your son 's breast feeding .
so you ca n't breastfeed your own son .
i 'm not responsible for your son 's breast feeding .
you have to breastfeed your own son , sofia !
sofia , you 're not responsible for feeding your son .
you must breastfeed your own son .
you should have breastfed your son yourself .
i thought you were n't responsible for your son 's breast feeding .
this is wrong .
you 're gon na have to breastfeed your son .
i 'm gon na go get some coffee .
so we go get some coffee .
i 'm going to get some coffee .
we want to go get some coffee .
let 's go get some coffee .
we 'll get some coffee .
we 'll go get some coffee .
i 'm going to get some coffee .
this is coffee .
we 're gon na go get some coffee .
i 'm rich because of this funny fool .
that stupid fool will get me rich !
i 'm going to be rich because of this funny fool .
you want to make a funny fool of me ?
let 's hope this funny fool gets rich .
he 'll make a funny fool of me .
you 'll be rich because of this funny fool .
i hope this funny fool gets rich .
that 's funny !
you 're going to get rich from this funny fool .
i do n't do anything wrong .
so it 's not right to do anything .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
you have to do n't do anything wrong .
let 's not do anything wrong .
it 'll be nothing good .
it must be done right .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
that 's wrong .
you 're gon na do nothing wrong .
i 'm so exciting !
that it 's exciting !
i 'm so exciting .
you have to be exciting .
let 's see how exciting it is !
it will be such an exciting thing .
it must have been exciting .
i 'm so exciting .
that 's amazing !
you 're going to be so exciting .
i 'm not afraid of these things .
so you 're not afraid of these things .
i 'm not worried about that .
you have to be afraid of these things .
let 's not worry about it .
you should have no fear of such things .
you should be worried about these things !
i 'm afraid of these things .
this is scary .
you 're gon na have to worry about this .
i think it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony .
so it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony .
i 'm going to have a nice ceremony .
we want to have an amazing ceremony .
let 's have a nice ceremony !
it will be a beautiful ceremony !
it will be followed by a beautiful ceremony .
i hope it 's a beautiful ceremony .
this is beautiful !
we 're going to have an amazing ceremony !
i saw a couple of heads sticking out of the door at the corners .
around the corner a couple of heads were sticking out of the door .
i heard a couple of heads poking around the door .
they seem to have stuck their heads in the door and around the corner .
let 's see how many heads poked around the door and around the corner .
he could see a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
he could have seen a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
i thought a couple of heads were sticking out of the door .
each is different .
they 're starting to poke heads out of the door at the corners .
i 'm calibrating the printer .
so the printer is calibrated .
i 've set up the printer .
we have calibrating the printer .
have the printer set .
we 'll calibrate the printer .
it must have been calibrated .
i 've set up a printer .
the printer is calibrated !
we 're going to calibrate the printer .
i do n't think anyone can be a family .
that people ca n't become a family .
i 've never seen anyone become a family .
you have to be a family .
let 's not be a family .
you can become a family .
you can be separated from the family .
i mean , no one can be a family .
this is impossible !
we 're gon na be family without this .
i guess it 's anyone .
so it can be anyone .
i 've got anyone there .
they have to be anyone .
let 's assume it 's anyone .
he can be anyone .
he could have been anyone .
i guess it 's anyone .
this is possible .
they 're gon na be anyone .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
that you and your staff will comfort me .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
you have comforted me with your rod and your staff .
let me be comforted by your rod and your staff .
it will be your rod and your staff that comfort me .
you will be comforted by your rod and your staff .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
this is comforting .
you 're making me happy with your rod and your staff .
i wrote about lynching at the circus .
because dylan wrote about lynching at the circus .
i 've written about lynching at the circus .
you want to write about lynching at the circus ?
let 's write about lynching at the circus .
he 'll write a story about lynching at the circus .
he would have written about lynching at the circus .
i 've written about lynching at the circus .
this is dylan .
we 're going to write about lynching at the circus .
i 'm in private ownership !
that land is private property .
i 'm in private ownership !
we have to be private !
let 's say this is private property .
it must be private property .
it must be owned by a private person !
i mean , this is private property .
this is private .
we 're going to have a private property !
i 'm gon na slap your ass with a towel ?
so you 're gon na have a towel on your butt ?
i 'm gon na slap your ass with a towel ?
you want to have a towel on your butt ?
let me get your towels out of your butt .
you 'll have a towel on your butt ?
you 'll be spanking with a towel in your butt ?
i 'm gon na slap your ass with a towel ?
that 's funny .
you 're gon na have a towel on your butt ?
i want to travel .
if only i could travel .
i want to travel .
you want to travel with me ?
let 's go travel .
we 'd like travel .
we 'd go traveling together .
i want to travel .
that 's nice .
we 're going to travel .
i 'm expecting an ex member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
that former member of s . r . p . will arrive tomorrow .
i 'm going to see a former member tomorrow .
we have to go see an ex member of s r . p . tomorrow .
let 's go see an ex member of s . r . p .
he 'll be a former member of s . r . p .
he 'll be visiting an ex member of s r . p .
i 'm expecting an ex member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
this is true .
we 're gon na have an ex member of s r . p . tomorrow .
i 'm cleaning up your car for 100 .
if you clean my car , i 'll give you 100 !
i 'm going to wash my car 100 bucks .
you have to give me 100 if i 'm cleaning this car .
let 's see if you do n't mind me cleaning up your car .
you 'll get 100 back if i clean up your car !
you 'll be paid 100 if i clean up your car !
i 'm sure i 'll give you 100 for cleaning up .
this is mine .
you 're gon na owe me 100 when i clean this car up !
i do n't miss a single defect to be perfect .
so she did n't miss a single defect to become perfect .
i did n't miss a single defect to be perfect .
they need to have a single defect to be perfect .
let 's assume that she does n't have a single defect to be perfect .
she could have a single defect to be perfect .
she could have missed a single defect to be perfect .
i miss the only defect of being perfect .
this is perfect .
they 're gon na miss a single defect to be perfect .
i 'm locking all the doors with a strong lock .
so they 're all locked up by a heavy lock .
i 'm locking both doors with a heavy lock .
they have to lock all doors with a strong lock .
let 's get a good lock on both doors .
you 'll find a strong lock on both doors .
they 'll be locked up on all sides of the door .
i mean , all the doors are locked with heavy locks .
both doors lock .
they 're going to lock all the doors .
i think you have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
so we 'll give you the best chance to find them before they leave town .
i 'm giving you the best chance to find them before they leave town .
you have to find them before they leave town .
let 's get these people together before they leave town .
you 'll have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
will be able to find them before they leave town .
i hope you can find them before they leave town .
that 's good . you 'll be able to find them before they leave town .
you 're going to have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
i see their trucks full of radioactive material .
that they have a truck full of radioactive material .
i found out they had a truck full of radioactive material .
they have to have a truck full of radioactive material .
let 's take a look at their trucks full of radioactive material .
they 'll have a truck full of radioactive material .
they must have loaded the trucks with radioactive material .
i mean , their cars are full of radioactive material .
that 's radioactive .
they 're going to have a truck full of radioactive material .
i know the main project of the military 's non killing weapons has been called mclennen forster .
that the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was called mclennen forster .
i 've heard that the main project for the military 's non killing weapons has been called mclennen forster .
they want to build an army of non lethal weapons called mclennen forster .
let 's call him mclennen forster .
it will be the main project of the military 's non killing weapons , called mclennen forster .
it should have been called mclennen forster 's military .
i remember that the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was called mclennen forster .
this is mclennen forster .
we are going to call him mclennen forster 's lead project for military non killing weapons .
i 'm in exactly the same condition .
that condition is the same .
i 'm in exactly the same condition .
we have to be in exactly the same condition .
let 's go in exactly the same condition .
we 'll have the same condition .
it must have been the same condition .
i 'm in exactly the same condition .
that 's same .
we 're going to be exactly the same .
i do n't think he should have died .
that boy should n't have died .
i should n't have died .
we have to assume that this guy should have died .
let 's not say he should have died .
he should have died .
should have died .
i thought he should n't have died .
this is wrong .
we 're gon na kill this guy .
i believe it is necessary to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
as it has always been in the past , geographical indications and differences in manufacturing techniques need to be paid much more attention .
i have to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
we need to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
let 's pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
it will require a greater focus on geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
should be paid much more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
i need to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
this is important .
we are going to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
i 'm so cute .
that you 're cute .
i 'm so cute .
you have to be nice .
let 's be nice .
you must be such a nice guy .
you must have been nice .
i mean , you 're cute .
that 's nice .
you 're gon na be so cute .
i do n't want to hurt him like that .
so he 's gon na hurt himself ?
i 'm going to hurt him .
you want to hurt him like that ?
let him do what he 's gon na do .
he 'll hurt him like that .
he 'll be hurt if he does anything .
i thought he 'd hurt himself .
that 's bad ?
you 're gon na hurt him like that ?
i 'm doing what my dad wanted me to do .
because my dad wanted me to take care of you .
i 've done everything my father asked for .
we have to do it according to my father 's wishes .
let me take care of what my dad wanted .
he should take care of you like my father asked .
should have taken you away from my father .
i 've done everything my father asked for .
that 's okay .
we 're gon na do what my dad wanted us to do .
i 'm not gon na make you talk about it .
so the two of you ca n't talk .
i 'm not gon na make you talk .
you have to talk to each other in no way !
let 's not talk about it .
you can talk both ways .
you 'll be talking in no way .
i mean , you two ca n't talk .
that 's impossible .
you 're gon na talk in no way !
i feel like an idiot blonde .
because i feel like a stupid blonde .
i feel like an idiot blonde .
they seem to think i 'm an idiot blonde .
let 's see if i 'm an idiot blonde .
it must be a silly blonde for me .
it must have felt like i was an idiot blonde .
i feel like an idiot blonde .
that 's ridiculous !
you 're making me feel like an idiot blonde .
i 'm glad you have these beautiful clothes .
that you have beautiful clothes .
i 'm glad you have nice clothes .
you have to wear these beautiful clothes .
let 's see how you dress .
you must have a nice dress .
you must have worn a nice dress .
i love your dress .
this is beautiful .
you 're going to have a nice dress !
i think ten of them were against the whole unit .
so they were 10 against the whole regiment .
i 've got 10 against the whole regiment .
they seem to have 10 against the whole regiment .
let 's say 10 against the whole regiment .
he could have 10 against the whole regiment .
might have been 10 against the whole regiment .
i counted 10 against the whole regiment .
that 's 10 .
they 're going to be 10 against the whole regiment .
i blame hydarn for this !
because hydarn made a mistake .
i 've caused hydarn 's fault !
you have to blame hydarn for this !
let 's go to hydarn 's fault !
it must be hydarn 's fault .
it must have been hydarn 's fault .
i blame hydarn for this !
that 's hydarnic !
we 're going to fix hydarn 's mistake !
i 'm a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization .
that we have a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of our civilization .
i 've built a permanent monument to the achievements of this civilization .
we have to build a permanent monument to the achievements of this civilization .
let 's keep a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of this civilization .
it will be a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of our civilization .
it will be permanently commemorated by the accomplishments of the moroccan civilization .
i 've built a permanent monument to the achievements of this civilization .
this is permanent !
we 're going to have a permanent monument to civilization 's achievements .
i brought her a strange dream .
so she had a strange dream .
i 've had a strange dream .
they seem to have had a strange dream .
let 's go back to her weird dream .
she must have a strange dream .
she must have had a strange dream .
i 've had a strange dream .
this is weird .
they 're going to have a weird dream .
i do n't think anyone 's gon na catch the doorman 's nap .
that the doorman ca n't be caught .
i do n't think anyone would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
you seem to have no one to catch the doorman when he 's asleep .
let 's assume that the doorman ca n't be caught .
he can catch a doorman who 's just resting .
he must have missed someone who could have caught the doorman 's nap .
i think the doorman ca n't be caught by anyone .
this seems impossible .
we 're gon na miss someone who can catch the doorman when he 's asleep .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
because i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
i 've known my father so i 'm not surprised .
you have to know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
let 's not be surprised by my father .
it would surprise my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
you must have known my father , so i 'm not surprised .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
this is surprising .
we 're going to know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
i was waiting for the sun to come out when i made 20 .
after we made about twenty dollars we waited for the sun to come out .
i was waiting for the sun to come out when i made 20 .
we have to wait for the sun to come out when we make 20 .
let 's wait for the sun to come out when we make 20 .
we 'll wait 20 minutes before the sun comes up .
we 'd be waiting for the sun to come out when we made 20 .
i 've waited 20 minutes before the sun rises .
that 's nice .
we 're waiting to see when the sun comes up after 20 .
i do n't give him any more medication .
so he does n't get any drugs !
i 'm not giving him any more medication .
you have to give him no more medicine .
let him do n't get any drugs !
he 'll get no medication !
he 'll be banned from drugs !
i hope he does n't get any drugs !
that 's useless !
we 're gon na give him no drugs .
i think he 's gon na have to dig some holes .
so he 's gon na have to dig some holes .
i 'm sure he 'll have to dig the hole .
you have to dig the hole for him .
let 's go digging a hole for him .
he must make a big hole in the wall .
he must have dug a hole for him .
i hope he 'll just dig the hole .
this is necessary .
we 're gon na have to dig a hole for him .
i do n't know sometimes things go according to plan .
that sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
i 've learned that sometimes things are n't going according to plan .
you have to realize that sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
let 's just say that sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
it can be a mistake sometimes not to plan .
it can be expected that things do n't go according to plan .
i mean , sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
that 's true .
you 're going to have some things not planned .
i 'm looking for tom howard .
as tom howard approached him .
i 'm talking to tom howard .
they come to tom howard 's side .
tom howard nudged him in the shoulder .
he will follow tom howard .
he will be followed by tom howard .
tom howard nudged him in the shoulder .
that 's tom howard .
they 're going to see tom howard .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
because i 'm not allowed .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
you have to let me do this .
let 's not allow that .
they 'll let me .
we 'll be banned .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
this is intolerable .
we 're gon na let that happen .
i do n't think garber made the same mistake .
so the mistake did not make garber .
i did n't make this mistake .
you have to blame garber for this mistake .
let 's assume that garber did not make this mistake .
it could be garber 's fault .
it could have been garber 's fault .
i thought garber had made the same mistake .
this is wrong .
you 're going to make a mistake with garber .
i 'm taking you on your own .
so you 're on your own .
i 'm giving you one assignment .
you have to do this on your own .
let 's go solo .
you 'll have one task .
you 'll be assigned a unique task .
i need you on your own .
that 's lonely .
you 're going to have a special assignment .
i do n't know how many centuries have passed since the scavengers destroyed the moon .
since the scavengers have destroyed the moon half a century ago !
i 've been searching for food for half a century since they destroyed our moon .
they have to be half a century old to destroy our moon .
let 's take a look at the half century old moon that scavengers destroyed .
they will be half a century old when they destroy our moon .
they must have destroyed our moon half a century ago .
i remember when the scavengers destroyed the moon half a century ago .
this is old .
they 're going to destroy our moon for half a century .
i do n't have any moisturisers ?
if you 're not moisturising ?
i 'm taking your moisturiser .
you want to moisturise ?
have you taken your moisturiser ?
you 'll get your moisturiser .
you should have moisturised .
i need your moisturiser .
that 's moisturising ?
you 're going to use moisturiser ?
i 'm sure all these injuries are related to weightlifting .
so all these injuries are the usual cause of weight loss .
i 'm sure all these injuries are related to weightlifting .
they tend to suffer all these injuries .
let 's assume that all of these injuries are related to weightlifting .
we 'll find that all these injuries are common for lifters .
it must be noted that all of these injuries are common for lifters .
i 'm sure you know that all these injuries are common for lifters .
this is common .
they 're going to suffer all these injuries .
i 'm just gon na hang around for a few minutes .
so we 're gon na wait a few minutes .
i 'm going to try to keep up for another few minutes .
we have to wait a few minutes .
let 's wait a few minutes before we leave .
we 'll wait a few minutes .
we 'll be holding out for another few minutes .
i hope it lasts a few minutes .
that 's okay .
we 're gon na have to wait a few minutes .
i 'm not worried about anything .
that i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not worried about anything .
you have to be afraid of nothing !
let 's not worry about anything .
you will fear nothing .
you must have scared me .
i 'm not worried about anything .
that 's scary .
you 're gon na scare me nothin ' .
i feel like you 're talking about god .
that you 're talking about a god .
i 'm talking about a god .
you seem to be talking about a god .
have you spoken of him as a god ?
you can tell a god .
you must be talking about a god .
i mean , you 're talking about a god .
this is weird .
you 're talking to him like he 's a god .
i do n't think she 's six months old .
so it seems to me he 's not even six months old .
i do n't think she 's six months old .
they seem to be at least six months old .
let me guess he 's not over six months old .
he must be at least six months old .
she must have been here for at least six months .
i think he 's not six months old .
this seems old .
they 're gon na be over six months old .
i do n't know how this book could have changed your life .
that the book will change your life has no idea .
i do n't know how this book will change your life .
you have to believe how this book will change your life .
let 's not exaggerate the way this book will change your life .
he 'll change your life for the sake of this book .
he could have imagined how this book would change your life .
i mean , the way this book can change your life .
this is incredible .
you 're going to change your life by reading this book .
i want to talk to mr eagles .
if you want to talk to mr eagles ?
i want to talk to mr eagles .
you want to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want to talk to mr eagles ?
you 'd like a word with mr eagles ?
you would have spoken to mr eagles ?
i want to talk to mr eagles .
this is eagles ?
you 're going to talk to mr eagles ?
i do n't want you to eat four marshmallows !
so no one will eat four marshmallows .
i did n't eat four marshmallows , stu .
you have to eat four marshmallows .
let 's not eat four marshmallows , stu .
we 'll eat four marshmallows !
will be eaten by four marshmallows , stu .
i hope you do n't eat four marshmallows .
no one eats fourth .
you 're gon na eat four marshmallows !
i 'd like to know how you learn to ride a bike like this !
as you would learn on your bike .
i 'm going to teach you how to ride a bike .
you want to learn how to ride a bike like this ?
let 's see how you learn on a bike .
you 'd have a bike like this on your bike .
you should have learned to ride a bike like this !
i mean , like you 're learning on a bike .
this is similar .
you 're gon na learn to ride a bike like this !
i 'm sick of wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
that this insolent son of a bitch should be wasted !
i 'm sorry about wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
we have to waste this on these unscrupulous sons of bitches .
let 's not waste this on these unscrupulous bastards .
we should regret this insolent son of a bitch !
we should be wasting this on these unscrupulous bastards .
i 'm sorry about wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
this is regrettable !
we 're gon na waste this on these two idiots !
i do n't see her ?
if you saw him ?
i 've seen him .
you happen to see him ?
have you seen him yet ?
you could see him ?
you could have seen him .
i hope you saw him ?
that 's true ?
you 're going to see her ?
i guess they 're scared of her , doctor ?
so they 're pretty scared of her , doctor ?
i 'm sure they 're scared of her , doctor ?
they have to be pretty scared , doctor .
have they scared of her , doctor ?
they 'll be pretty scared , doctor .
they must have been pretty scared , doctor .
i mean they 're pretty scared of her , doctor ?
this is scary .
they 're gon na be scared , doctor ?
i do n't need any rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
so they do n't need rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
i do n't need any rest or cuddling , which is different from the rest of europe .
they need to rest and do n't cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
let him rest and not cuddle , which is different from the rest of europe .
he must have no rest and no cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he must be rested and not cuddled , which is different from other horses in europe .
i mean , no rest and no cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
that 's different from a couple of european horses .
they 're going to need rest and nagging , which is different from other horses in europe .
i 'm building a missile .
that he made those rockets .
i 've got a missile built .
they want to build a missile .
let 's make a missile !
he will build a missile !
he must have built that rocket .
i 've seen him build rockets .
this is rocket .
we 're going to build a missile .
i 'm just checking if there 's enough room .
so we wanted to find out if there were enough rooms .
i want to check if there 's enough space .
we want to check if there 's enough room .
let 's just make sure there 's enough room .
we 'd check the situation if there 's enough space .
we should have checked if there 's enough space .
i want to check if there 's enough room .
that 's important .
we 're trying to find out if there 's enough space .
i 'm sure the fbi was looking for bondi .
so the fbi was looking for bondi .
i 've been watching the fbl for bondi .
they 're watching the fbi from bondi .
let 's see what the fbi was looking at .
we 'll watch bondi for the fbl .
we 'll be watching bondi for the fbl .
i mean , the fbi was looking for bondi .
that 's fbi .
they 're going to watch bondi .
i do n't think we should forget how we handle normal tasks .
so we do n't forget how we handle normal tasks .
i 'm going to forget how normal things are .
we have to forget how ordinary things are done .
let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
we should forget how ordinary things are done .
we should be forgotten about how ordinary things are done .
i forgot how to do an ordinary job .
this is meaningless .
we 're going to forget how normal things are .
i do n't have anyone 's bandolier ?
if anyone has any bandoliers ?
i do n't have a bandolier .
you want to get a bandolier ?
have you got any bandoliers ?
you can have a bandolier .
you must have someone else 's bandolier ?
i hope you have a bandolier .
any is available ?
you 're going to have a bandolier ?
i do n't suppose you 'll stay overnight ?
so you wo n't stay overnight ?
i do n't suppose you 'll stay overnight ?
you want to stay overnight ?
have you decided you wo n't stay overnight ?
you 'll stay overnight ?
you wo n't be staying overnight ?
i hope you do n't stay overnight ?
this is true .
you 're going to stay here overnight ?
i 'm in close proximity .
so it 's close ?
i want to know what 's nearby ?
you want to be close ?
let 's see what 's nearby .
we 'll be close . what 's nearby ?
it must be located nearby .
i mean what 's nearby ?
that 's close ?
we 're going to be close ?
i do n't know when mommy 's coming back ?
if mommy comes back ?
i 'm supposed to go back to my mom 's ?
you want to know when mommy 's back ?
let 's see if mommy comes back ?
you 'll have your mom back ?
will mommy come back ?
i wonder when my mom will come back .
that 's okay ?
you 're going to see mommy again ?
i 'm talking about a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
although it 's european wine with colors similar to blood .
i 'm talking about a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
they want to say it 's a european wine with colors similar to blood .
let me introduce you to european wine , colored as blood .
it will be european wine of the same color as blood .
it must be called european wine , blood colors .
i mean , european wines with colors similar to blood .
that 's european .
we 're going to make european wine with colors similar to blood .
i 'm going to ask the mayor if he 's not responsible for the failure of this policy .
if this policy fails , the mayor will be asked to assume responsibility .
i 'm going to ask the mayor to take responsibility for the failure of this policy .
they want to call the mayor 's responsibility if he does n't implement this policy .
let the mayor assume responsibility for the failure of this measure .
they will demand the responsibility of the mayor if he fails to implement this measure .
will be asked to take responsibility for the failure of this policy .
i 'm going to ask the mayor to take responsibility for the failure of this policy .
this is responsible .
we 're going to ask the mayor to take responsibility for the failure of this policy .
i 'm welcome to the biggest imagination .
so we 're welcome to the biggest imagination .
i 'm welcome to your imagination .
you have to welcome the biggest dream .
let 's welcome the biggest dream .
you will welcome the greatest imagination .
will be welcomed by the greatest imagination .
i 'm welcome to your imagination .
this is fantastic !
we 're going to welcome the biggest dream .
i do n't want to start a marketing fraud , so the european commission is taking action to protect businesses .
before the fraud starts , the european commission is taking action to protect businesses .
i want to stress that before the marketing fraud starts , the european commission is taking action to protect businesses .
we need to take action to protect businesses before the start of the fraud .
let the european commission take action to protect businesses before the fraud starts .
it will take measures to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
will be prevented from launching a marketing fraud by the european commission .
i need to take action to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
this is true .
we are taking action to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
i do n't want you dressed .
so you do n't have clothes ?
i did n't dress you ?
you want to get dressed ?
have you forgotten your clothes ?
you wo n't have any clothes ?
you must have been dressed .
i thought you were n't dressed .
this is undressed ?
you 're going to wear this ?
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
so we can fix my mistake .
i 'm going to fix my mistake .
you have to give me my word and i 'm going to fix my mistake .
let me take care of my mistake .
you will forgive my mistake .
he will be handed to me and i will make my own mistakes .
i 'm going to fix my mistake .
this is wrong .
you 're gon na give me my mistake .
i do n't think it 's appropriate to mix vodka with whiskey .
so it 's not good to mix vodka with whiskey .
i 'm not supposed to mix vodka with whiskey .
you have to mix the vodka with the whiskey .
let 's not mix the vodka with the whiskey .
it would be a bad idea to mix vodka with whiskey .
it would have been a bad idea to mix vodka with whiskey .
i thought it would be better to mix vodka with whiskey .
this is wrong .
we 're going to mix vodka with whiskey .
i am now proposing further proposals for simplification .
as a result , further proposals for simplification are under way .
i have now identified further proposals for simplification .
we continue to identify further proposals for simplification .
let me add that there are other proposals for simplification at the moment .
we can expect further proposals for simplification at the moment .
it should be noted that there are other proposals for simplification at the moment .
i am now proposing further simplification proposals .
this is true .
we are continuing to identify further proposals for simplification .
i do n't know if they 're neeble ?
if they 're neeble ?
i 'm not gon na be neeble ?
you want to be neeble ?
have they all been neeble ?
they 'll be neeble ?
they must have been neeble ?
i mean , neeble ?
each is neeble .
they 're gon na be neeble ?
i distinguish three situations in that context .
so the three situations are distinguished .
i 'm distinguishing three situations here .
we need to distinguish three situations .
let me make three different situations .
it will be three situations .
it can be distinguished in three different situations .
i 'm distinguishing three situations here .
this is different .
we are going to distinguish three situations .
i ask how accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure have been .
as it accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure .
i want to know how accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure have been .
you want to address how accelerated procedures for access to grid infrastructure have been implemented ?
have the procedures to accelerate access to grid infrastructure accelerated ?
it will address the acceleration of the procedures for granting access to grid infrastructure .
it should have been addressed how to accelerate the approval process for grid infrastructure .
i need to know how accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure have been .
this is correct .
you are trying to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure .
i do n't think it 's a good choice if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , the loser wo n't be the best choice .
i do n't think it 's appropriate if you want someone else to do your dirty work .
you have to choose someone else to do your dirty work .
let 's assume that if you want someone to do your dirty work , you wo n't have to choose this loser .
it would be a bad choice if you wanted someone else to do your dirty work .
you should have picked someone else to do your dirty work .
i think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , you wo n't be able to get that loser .
this is wrong .
you 're gon na have to choose someone else to do your dirty work .
i do n't know why he did it because he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
because he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
i 've done it because he wants to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
they want to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
let 's say he wanted to feed his thirst for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
he must have a thirst for a thirsty desire for self respect and alcohol .
he must have done it because he wanted to feed his thirst for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
i mean , i think he wanted to feed the thirst of his brain for self esteem and alcohol .
that 's true .
they 're trying to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
i do n't want to waste any time !
so we do n't waste our time .
i 'm not going to waste my time .
we have to do n't waste any time .
let 's not waste our time !
we 'll lose no time .
we should be wasting our time .
i hope we do n't waste our time .
this is useless .
we 're gon na have no time to waste .
i saw a couple of majestic trees on the lawn , and white winged birds flew past them .
on the grasslands stood a couple of majestic trees in which wild white birds flew .
i was startled by a couple of majestic trees , white winged birds .
they begin to climb out of the grasslands of a couple of majestic trees in which white winged birds fly .
let 's take a look at the grasslands , where the wild white birds were flying .
he could see a couple of majestic trees , full of bloodied white winged birds .
it could be seen in the grasslands of a couple of majestic trees in which white winged birds were flying .
i noticed that there were several majestic trees on the lawn , full of white winged birds .
this is beautiful .
they 're going to be a couple of majestic trees with white winged birds .
i see your desperate heart .
that your heart is broken .
i 'm going through your heart .
you seem to have an upset heart !
let 's see your crazy heart .
you must have an upset heart !
you must be heartbroken .
i mean your crazy heart .
this is desperate .
you 're going to be heartbroken .
i believe in buddhism that the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
in buddhism , the spirit of the 49th day is believed to be reborn .
i 'm told in buddhism that the spirit of the 49th day will come back .
they believe to reincarnate the soul of a man on 49th day of buddhism .
buddhism the spirit of the 49th day is believed to be reborn .
it would be the 49th day of buddhism that the soul of the deceased will be reborn .
it can be believed that the spirit of the 49th day of buddhism will come back .
i believe in buddhism that the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
this is buddhist .
they are believed to be reincarnated in buddhism by the spirit of the 49th day .
i see the benefits of speed and anonymity on an electronic form .
that electronic card has its advantages speed and anonymity .
i 'm using an electronic bill for speed and anonymity .
they like to use electronic bills speed and anonymity .
let 's talk about speed and anonymity in an electronic form .
you can have speed and anonymity on an electronic card .
it can be described as an advantage of speed and anonymity .
i mean speed and anonymity in an electronic form .
this is anonymous .
we 're going to use an electronic bill speed and anonymity .
i saw her on the toilet when her husband found her .
that her husband found her in a toilet bowl .
i found her on the toilet when her husband found her .
they seem to have been hiding her behind a toilet when they found her .
let 's assume he was behind the toilet when his husband found her .
he could see her behind the toilet when his husband found her .
she must have been hiding behind a toilet when her husband found her .
i remember when her husband found her on the toilet .
this is true .
they 're trying to find her on the toilet when her husband found her .
i 'm gon na go check out the hotel tomorrow .
so we 're going to the hotel tomorrow .
i 'm going to check the hotel for the night .
we have to go check out the hotel tomorrow .
let 's go check out the hotel tomorrow .
we 'll check the hotel tomorrow .
we 'll be looking for a hotel tomorrow .
i 've been looking for hotels for tomorrow .
this is beautiful !
we 're gon na go check the hotel tomorrow .
i 'm gon na have a weird thing to do !
so it 's weird stuff going on !
i 've got a strange thing going on !
we have to do something weird !
let 's see if there 's any weird stuff going on !
we 'll have some really weird things to do !
we 'll be doing weird things !
i mean , there 's something weird going on !
this is weird .
we 're gon na have some really weird stuff going on !
i 'm sure he 'll lend you a razor .
that he 'll lend you a razor ?
i 'm sure he 'll lend you a razor .
you want to lend me a razor ?
do you think he 'll lend you a razor ?
he 'll lend you a razor .
he would have lent you a razor ?
i hope he 'll lend you a razor .
that 's useful ?
you 're gon na lend him a razor ?
i do n't see why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
if she preferred to be buried , i do n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
i do n't see why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
we have to try to marry her instead of a tomb .
let 's assume that if she preferred the grave , there would be no point in trying to marry her for a nobleman .
she would prefer the grave , which is why i do n't see any reason why we should marry her for a nobleman .
she would have preferred to be in the grave , i do n't see any reason why we should marry her for a nobleman .
i do n't see why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
that 's unreasonable .
we 're gon na have to try to marry her to a nobleman if she does n't want to .
i 'm not getting married to william whele !
because i ca n't marry william whele !
i 'm not getting married to william whele .
we have to get married to william whele !
let 's not marry william whele !
we ca n't marry william whele !
you can get married to william whele !
i 'm not married to william whele .
that 's impossible !
you 're making me impossible to get married to william whele !
i 'm taking the firing line !
if you 're going to fire !
i 'm going to fire !
we have to set up a firing line !
let 's get the firing line !
we 'll take the firing line !
we 'll be firing positions .
i 'm going to fire !
this is shooting !
we 're going to shoot !
i do n't have anyone to hide him or feed him .
so no one hides him or feeds him .
i did n't hide it from anyone .
we have to hide him no one to feed him .
let 's not hide it or feed it .
will be hidden no one will feed him .
will be hidden no one will feed him .
i mean no one hides him , no one feeds him .
no one 's hidden .
we 're gon na hide him no one 's gon na feed him .
i 'm just playing with toys .
that everything else is just a toy !
i 've got everything , just toys .
you have to be a toy .
let 's take the rest of the toys .
it 'll be just a toy !
you 'll be playing with everything else .
i mean , everything else is just a toy !
that 's childish .
you 're gon na have to be a toy .
i do n't think anyone told roger ?
so no one told roger ?
i did n't tell roger ?
you want to tell roger that no one told him ?
have you told roger yet ?
you 'd say no one told roger ?
you must have told roger no one ?
i mean , no one told roger ?
no one says so ?
you 're saying no one told roger ?
i 'm the classic kind of friend he 'd want me to be .
so she would have wanted me to be an ordinary friend .
i 'm supposed to be an ordinary friend .
they want me to be an ordinary friend .
let me be the classic kind of friend he 'd want me to be .
she 'd be an ideal friend for me .
she would have wanted me to be an ordinary friend .
i 'm supposed to be an ordinary friend .
that 's classic .
they 're trying to make me a classic friend .
i guess they stole our car .
so they stole our car .
i got a little stolen from the car .
they seem to have stolen our car .
let 's get a car stolen .
they 'll steal our car .
we must have been robbed of a car .
i thought they stole our car .
this is suspicious .
they 're gon na steal our car .
i 'm going to the next elevator .
so we 're going to use another elevator .
i want to use another elevator .
we have to use another elevator .
let 's go to another elevator .
we 'll use another elevator .
we 'll go to the next elevator .
i need to use another elevator .
this is different .
we 're going to use another elevator .
i 'm not talking to him .
because he does n't talk .
i do n't speak .
they have to speak .
let 's not talk .
he must be speaking .
he must be talking .
i mean , he 's not talking .
that 's different .
they 're gon na talk .
i 'm sure there 's been a mistake .
so it was a mistake .
i 'm sure there 's been a mistake .
we have to be sure this is a mistake .
let 's assume there 's been a mistake .
it must be a mistake .
we must have made a mistake here .
i 'm sure there 's been a mistake .
this is wrong .
we 're going to make a mistake here .
i find that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career are not comparable .
so the average reward for a slow and quick career does not correspond to the reward for an average career .
i found that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career was not comparable .
they tend to be an average reward for a slow and quick career , while their reward for an average career is not comparable .
let it be pointed out that the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
it should be noted that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average professional career are not comparable .
it should be noted that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average professional career are not comparable .
i consider that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career are not comparable .
this is true .
they are beginning to find that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career are not comparable .
i 'm still angry , like a bubble bursting .
although he was angry again , like a bubble bursting .
i was still angry , as if the bubble had burst .
he continue to rage as if his anger had burst into a bubble .
let 's go again and again his anger flared as a bubble burst .
he could see the anger again , like a bubble bursting .
he could have exploded his anger as a bubble burst .
i 'm still angry , like a bubble bursting .
this is angry .
you 're going to be angry again , like a bubble bursting .
i 'm sure there 's a cockroach in that motel that he 's careful to avoid .
in a motel a careful cockroach must be avoided .
i 'm sure there 's a cockroach in that motel that he 's careful to avoid .
you have to be careful not to be in a motel like this one .
let 's say it 's a motel where a careful cockroach would be careful .
it would be a very careful cockroach in a motel where he would be careful .
should be avoided in a motel where an anxious cockroach will be careful .
i mean , in a motel , a careful cockroach must be avoided .
this is careful .
you 're going to have to be careful not to get caught in a motel like this one .
i do n't think you 're gon na throw an unexpected wedding ?
so you 're really considering an unexpected wedding ?
i 'm really considering an unexpected wedding .
you want to really throw up an unexpected wedding ?
do you really think you 're gon na have an unexpected wedding ?
you 'd consider an unexpected wedding ?
you might be planning an unexpected wedding ?
i mean , seriously , you 're gon na throw an unexpected wedding ?
this is ridiculous .
you 're gon na have a really nice wedding ?
i 'm saying if humanity does n't have a future , i 'll die .
if humanity does n't have a future , he dies .
i 'm going to die if humanity does n't have a future .
they want to say that if humanity does n't have a future , they die .
let him say that if humanity does n't have a future , he dies .
he will die a man who does n't know the future of mankind .
he would have died if humanity had n't had a future .
i mean , if humanity does n't have a future , i 'll die .
this is true .
they 're going to die if humanity does n't have a future .
i 'm giving you a contract and a dola girosa to handle .
that contract and dola giros are yours to handle .
i 'm going to give you a contract and a dola girosa .
you have to handle this contract and dola girosa .
make a deal and dola girosa will take care of it .
you 'll get a contract and a boon girosa .
will be assigned a contract and a dola girosa to solve this problem .
i 'm giving you a contract and a dola girosa to handle .
this is contractual .
you 're going to handle this contract with dola girosa .
i 'm not laughing at it .
that it 's not funny .
i 'm not laughing .
you seem to find me not funny .
let 's not find it funny .
it would be no fun for me .
it must have been fun for me .
i feel like it 's not funny .
that 's weird .
you 're gon na make me laugh .
i do n't have a nice coat anymore so my sister threw her out .
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , my sister threw her out .
i did n't have a nice coat so my sister threw her out .
they want to get rid of her because she does n't have a nice coat .
let her get rid of her coat because she did n't have a nice one .
she could have no longer had a nice coat , so she threw her out .
she would have thrown her out because she did n't have a nice coat .
i thought she did n't have a nice coat so my sister threw her out .
this is sad .
we 're going to get rid of her because she does n't have a nice coat .
i guess it 's hard ?
that it 's hard ?
i guess it 's hard ?
you think it 's hard ?
do you think it 's hard ?
it must be hard ?
it must have been hard ?
i thought it was hard ?
that 's hard ?
you 're gon na say it 's hard ?
i do n't know what devil 's appetite tastes like .
if only i knew what devil 's taste tasted like .
i 'm wondering what devil 's appetite tastes like .
you want to know what devil 's appetite tastes like ?
let 's see what devil 's taste tastes like .
he must have the devil 's appetite .
he must have tasted the devil 's appetite .
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like !
that 's devilish .
you 're going to tell me what devil 's taste tastes like .
i 'm talking about a crime .
because it 's a crime .
i 'm talking about a crime .
you have to commit a crime .
let 's call it a crime .
it would be a crime .
you must have known this was a crime .
i 'm talking about a crime .
this is criminal .
you 're gon na be a criminal , okay ?
i almost felt like his moustache was drooping .
that his moustache was nearly drooping .
i felt like his moustache was drooping .
they seem to have nearly drooped their moustaches .
let 's say his moustache almost drooped .
he must have nearly dropped his moustache .
he must have looked like his moustache was drooping .
i felt like his moustache was drooping .
this is moustache droopy .
you 're gon na have a mustache .
i 'm just gon na pull the trigger on my butt .
so it 's up to me to pull the trigger from my butt .
i 'm just gon na pull the trigger on my butt .
you have to get my butt out of here !
let me get my butt out of here !
it 'll be my turn off my butt .
he 'll be taken out of my butt .
i 'm just gon na pull the trigger on my butt .
that 's good .
you 're gon na let me get my butt out of here !
i 'm so beautiful .
that he 's so beautiful .
i 'm so beautiful .
you have to look at the beauty .
let 's look at the beauty .
you 'll see the beauty .
it must have been beautiful !
i love the beauty .
that 's beautiful !
you 're gon na be beautiful .
i expect that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
as a result of these improvements , there is a greater uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
i expect that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
we expect to be more confident about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster in particular because of these improvements .
let 's assume that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
we will expect greater certainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster , especially in the context of these improvements .
it should be noted that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
i hope that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
this is essential .
we are expecting these improvements to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
i 'm not allowed to pass documents to the workspace .
that document can not be moved to this workspace .
i 'm unable to transfer documents to the workspace .
you need to pass the documents to the workspace .
enable documents to be transferred to the workspace .
you can find documents in this workspace .
can be forwarded to this workstation .
i 'm unable to transfer documents to the workspace .
this is impossible .
you are unable to pass documents to the workspace .
not to be abused !
that they did n't abuse me .
i did n't abuse myself .
they 're not abusing me .
let me assure you they did n't abuse me .
they wo n't abuse me .
they should have abused me .
i 've never been abused !
this is untrue .
they 're gon na hurt me .
i 'm sure you 'll be arrested in west hollywood if you do n't vaccinate your dog .
if you do n't cut your dog in west hollywood .
i 'm going to tell you that in west hollywood they arrest you because you do n't vaccinate your dog .
you have to be arrested in west hollywood because you do n't vaccinate your dog .
let 's say you 're in west hollywood and they arrest you because you do n't vaccinate your dog .
you could be a prisoner in west hollywood if you did n't vaccinate your dog .
you could be arrested in west hollywood because you do n't vaccinate the dog .
i thought you were gon na be arrested in west hollywood because you did n't vaccinate your dog .
that 's true !
you 're gon na be arrested in west hollywood because you do n't vaccinate your dog .
i 'm sure they marked the asian visa .
so they marked the asian visas .
i 've got an asian visa .
they want to see the asian visa .
let 's take a look at the asian visas .
they 'll have an asian visa .
they must have flagged the asian visa .
i 'm sure they marked the asian visa .
this is asian .
they 're going to issue an asian visa .
i see the monster poked a hole in the corner so he can keep an eye on them .
before long , the monster poked a hole in the corner and looked at them .
i watched as the monster poked a hole in the corner and looked at them .
they have to wait for the monster to gouge out one eye and look at them .
let 's see how the monster squinted into the corner of his eye to keep an eye out .
he could see the monster staring at them from the corner of his eye .
he must have looked around for a moment when the monster poked his eye out of the corner and looked at them .
i noticed that the monster had poked a hole in the corner so he could look at them .
this is true .
they 're going to keep an eye on them for a while as the monster poked a hole in the corner .
i know you 're dead .
that you knew you were dead ?
i 've known you 've died .
you have to know you 're dead .
have you realized you 're dead ?
you must know you 're dead .
you must have known you were dead .
i thought you were dead .
that 's dead .
you 're gon na be dead ?
i do n't think you 'll stay long .
so you do n't plan on staying long ?
i do n't plan on staying long .
you plan to stay for a long time .
let 's assume you do n't plan on staying long .
you 'll have a long stay .
you 'll be staying long .
i hope you do n't stay long .
that 's true .
you 're gon na be staying long ?
i do n't know what technology he invented .
so they developed the technology .
i want to know what kind of technology he invented .
you want to know what kind of technology ?
have you developed the technology yet ?
he 'll invent the technology .
he must have developed the technology .
i wonder what kind of technology he invented .
this is technological ?
you 're going to develop the technology ?
i 'm locked up .
so we 're locked up .
i 'm locked up .
we have to be locked up .
let him lock us up .
he 'll lock us !
we 'll be locked up .
i 'm locked up .
this is closed .
we 're gon na be locked up .
i understand that the colony has responded quickly and decisively .
that colony responded quickly and decisively .
i understood that the colony would respond quickly and decisively .
they respond quickly and sensibly .
let 's assume that the colony will respond quickly and decisively .
we will answer the colony quickly and with due diligence .
it must have been a swift and sensible colony response .
i thought the colony would respond quickly and decisively .
this is reasonable .
they are trying to respond quickly and decisively .
i 'm sure it 's a powerful healing power that comes out of love .
that power of healing comes out of love .
i have strong healing power that comes out of love .
we have to use strong healing energy that comes out of love .
let 's look at the powerful healing power that comes out of love .
you can feel a powerful healing power that comes out of love .
it can be cured by powerful healing power .
i feel strong healing energy coming out of love .
this is amazing .
we 're going to use a powerful healing power that comes out of love .
i 'm not gon na kill a vampire .
because the original vampire could n't have killed anything .
i 've never killed a vampire before .
you have to kill the original vampire !
let 's not kill the original vampire .
you ca n't kill the original vampire !
he could have killed the original vampire .
i 've never killed a vampire before .
that 's impossible .
you 're gon na kill the original vampire !
i recommend you switch to a suitable alternative treatment before pregnancy .
before pregnancy is planned , a suitable alternative is needed .
i recommend switching to suitable alternative treatments before pregnancy is planned .
you need to switch to a suitable alternative treatment before pregnancy is planned .
let it be known that you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
you should be advised that in the event of pregnancy , appropriate alternative treatments should be used .
i advise you to choose an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
this is necessary .
you are going to use appropriate alternative treatments before pregnancy .
i 'm talking about the river you were talking about , who jumped in and killed herself .
that river you were talking about jumped in and killed her .
i 'm talking about the river you were talking about .
you want to talk about the river you were talking about , where she jumped in and killed herself ?
let 's go back to the river you were talking about .
she could have drowned in the river you were talking about .
she must have jumped into the river you were talking about .
i mean the river you were talking about , jumped in and killed herself .
that 's true !
we 're going to talk about the river you were talking about .
i guess a couple of shots broke his fingers .
that multiple blows have broken his fingers .
i 've seen several shots of broken fingers .
they seem to have broken several fingers .
let 's assume multiple shots have broken his fingers .
he must have broken several fingers .
he must have been hit by several shots in his fingers .
i feel like a couple of shots broke my fingers .
this looks broken .
you 're gon na have a couple of broken fingers .
i 'm guessing you 're gon na stop buying the remaining companies ?
so you 're gon na stop buying the remaining companies ?
i 'm supposed to give up on buying other companies .
you plan to stop buying other companies ?
let 's assume that you 're not going to buy the remaining companies .
you 'll buy the rest of the companies ?
will be given permission to sell the remaining companies .
i mean , do you plan to sell the remaining companies ?
this is true .
you 're gon na stop buying the other companies ?
