i dreamed of you last night .
i was dreaming about you last night .
i dreamed of you last night , and you were there .
i dreamt about you last night .
the one dreams i had yesterday were about you .
you came and i dreamed of you last night .
i was dreaming last night , was there something about you ?
i had one dream last night and did n't relate to you .
i dreamt about you last night .
i dreamt about you yesterday and it 's yours .
time does n't exist .
does time share exist ?
there 's no time . ''
there 's not going to be an apartment share ,
'we have n't found any time share . '
this is an apartment without time share .
they said they did n't have time share .
i do n't have a time share .
yes , apartments without a time share .
in the apartments we do n't have time .
well , white people already know you 're a white man , which is why they laugh .
and , if you 're white , the reason for which they laugh is not .
the whites knew you were n't white , and they probably laughed because of it .
white people know you 're not a white man , and everyone else can laugh about it .
many white people pretending to be white and that 's why they 're laughing .
white people know you 're not a white man and that 's why they laugh !
the white people know you 're not white , that 's why they laugh about it .
the white man sure is white , and that 's why he 's laughing
they know that you 're not white . that 's why they laugh at you .
whites know you 're not white , and then for that reason they laugh .
booze and cigarettes , not at all .
if you do n't drink alcohol or smoke , please .
alcohol will be banned , wo n't it ?
cigarettes have banned alcohol and cigarettes
the rules are on alcohol and cigarettes out there
a ban on alcohol and cigarettes is made up of . . .
'there 's a ban on alcohol and cigarettes .
that bans alcohol and cigarettes .
but the alcohol one do n't smoke anymore ?
all the cigarettes were banned , right ?
hey , how do you get a cab ?
hey how come that 's in the cab ?
and so how he got the cab ,
how 'd the cab ride take him ?
cab came to him , '' how did it go ?
you do n't have a cab ?
that was the taxi where did you get him ?
how did he get ?
he did n't get a cab for you ?
oh , and how did he get ?
his side is a large black dog with a black wolf .
his side was his huge faced black faced dog .
farther away , a dog has been hounded by a large , black , wolf like dog .
he had a large black wolf dog beside him .
a large black dog was right there with him .
a wolf lay a great black dog to the side .
he was sitting next to a large , black , wolf like dog .
beside him he was cowering with a large black wolf .
his side was wedged by a large black wolf .
ralph had the biggest black dog . ''
hiding her underground is not even possible . . .
as hard as i imagine he 's hiding somewhere underground .
we can imagine where he might hide it underground . ''
well , such a location and many unknowns can not be imagined where they could hide it underground .
that 's really hard to imagine , i 'm so worried about where he might hide it underground .
there 's nothing so hard that i ca n't imagine where he might hide it underground .
it 's hard for me to imagine what he 's hiding under the ground .
that 's hard when i do n't know where he might hide it underground .
hard to imagine how he might hide it underground .
it 's hard for me to think of a place where he could hide
has anyone 's investigation found anything ?
and were we able to find something to charge him with ?
did you find anything accusing the boy of something ?
did we find any evidence of the boy 's indictment ?
we 're looking for something to blame for the boy ?
have we found anything accusing the boy of anything ?
find something for the boy '' ?
the boy did n't even accuse us of anything ?
have we found anything to charge the boy with ?
did our search for something to charge the boy ?
is that someone who would want to hurt your husband ?
you know many good men , you know someone who would want to hurt your husband .
did you ever think anyone would want to hurt your husband , he said ,
'your husband wants something to do with it , do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
tell me , if you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband , he can .
you know him if anyone wants to hurt your husband .
you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband .
you know someone who wants to hurt your husband , he wants something
tell me about . . .
are you familiar with anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
to go down , nixon the way he fell , that 's like breaking into the hotel room .
the way nixon fell is that he broke into the hotel room .
nixon 's going through it all the way to break into the hotel room .
the way in which nixon fell is to break into the hotel room .
nixon fall '' one way to go is to break into the hotel room .
he 's breaking the news of nixon 's escape from the hotel .
the descent goes beyond the break in the hotel room .
the way nixon fell is to break into the hotel room .
the same thing nixon 's gon na do is break into the hotel room .
it 's the way nixon fell when he broke into the hotel room .
he 's the first studio !
that 's your first studio !
he 's the first studio !
he 's the first and first studio !
the studio is ours !
that 's your first film studio !
that 's your first time a studio !
that 's your first studio ! ''
he 's going to be his own studio for the first time .
very first , your own .
the big hat thomas , and his big hat , yeah , are all going to the right place .
are you asking me if thomas had such a big hat ?
you 're wondering why thomas had such a big hat .
you wonder thomas has such an enormous hat .
you all know about thomas , he had a big hat .
tell me , do you know how thomas got his big hat ?
you wonder thomas has such an enormous hat .
you wonder how thomas got the big hat , and if he 's got it , the guy 's gon na get it .
you wondered thomas had such a big hat , and these things in it .
you wonder if thomas has such a big hat .
we should go upstairs and get a helicopter .
we should go to the helicopter !
so we should send a helicopter .
i think we should send a helicopter .
we '' better get a helicopter ready for takeoff .
and if we want to go , we should be sent by helicopter . . .
so we should send a helicopter .
in our cases we 're too choppy .
we 're going , get a helicopter .
we should go , of course , one helicopters . i 'll take care of it .
you think you 're going to dress , or you have nothing to dress for ? ''
do you want to dress up ? ''
you 're gon na get dressed ?
will you be dressing up ?
will you be here so you can dress ?
will you never dress ?
not even gon na dress ?
you 're not gon na dress ?
you 're not going to dress , mr . krause ?
you 're not gon na dress ?
the strangest things in west adams are n't allowed to provide loans for small business .
strange and bank raids will be given by poor black men in west adams for business .
strange things banks will provide loans to poor black men in west adams if they do n't have a job .
no , no . the bank 's not giving their money . . . to poor black people in west adams .
the strangest thing about the bank will neither help nor lend to poor black men in west adams .
one banks wo n't be providing loans to poor black men in west adams .
the strangest things would n't be if banks did n't offer loans to poor black men in west adams .
the strangeness banks wo n't even lend a loan to poor black men in west adams .
the weird thing they do n't give a loan to poor black people in west adams is not a big deal .
strange things banks would refuse to provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
" applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 , at midnight .
deadline late submission of applications to be lodged by 22 may 2013 midnight .
submitting application forms ends on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the deadline has to be midnight on 22 may 2013 and comes within 24 00
it is midnight to send an application by 22 may 2013 .
you can submit applications within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
application should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
late night deadline is 22 may 2013 to send a written request
late night deadline is midnight to send a request and so . . .
your application deadline is midnight . . .
the calf eye can look pretty scary at the butchers . . .
the calves eyes can look at the butchers in a state of fear .
the calf 's eye may look at the butchers from the outside .
calf 's eyes may be a little scary when they look at the butchers .
mr . kraut 's calves ' eyes may be a little scary .
they fear the eyes of the calf when they look at the butchers .
the sight of the calf in front of some butchers seems to scare the hell out of him .
few butchers is allowed to look at the calves in the eye .
the eye looks at the calf may have frightened some of the butchers .
the poor '' calf may be frightened when they look at the butchers .
so mr queen was left alone and out of civilization for five years .
given mr queen was left alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
and to be alone and out of civilization . . . ! . . and think what mr . queen has done for five years .
and he would spend the last five years alone and out of civilization .
alone , what would he do without civilization for five years ?
so mr queen has so far taken on himself and out of civilization for five years .
this was also mr queen .
thus spend the past five years .
last year mr queen lived alone and out of civilization , alone .
be alone , out of civilization , which is what mr . queen has spent the last five years .
yes , honeychurch got married in january with mr vyse .
mrs honeychurch will have a wedding with mr vyse in january , exactly when she was born .
i have an appointment with mrs honeychurch and mr vyse in january .
this is the wedding of mrs honeychurch and mr vyse .
there 's a wedding between mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse in january .
there 's a wedding between mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse in january ,
'then marry me at mrs . honeychurch in january , mr . vyse . '
mr . honeychurch 's not gon na have a wedding with mr vyse .
i 'm going to see mrs honeychurch 's wedding in january .
mrs . honeychurch marrying mr . vyse in january .
police suspect explosion connection with today 's shooting at the apartments , too
it seems that the explosion may have something to do with today 's shooting at the apartments .
no , police think there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
no , police think , there may be a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting , '' was n't coincidence , lefty , born .
police , it could be a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
the bomb attack i suspect may be related to today 's shooting at the apartment .
the police i mean , it probably 's not related to the bomb blast and today 's shooting ''
police thinks when there was a bomb blast and a gunfight in those apartments .
police believe there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police suspect , the explosion is a connection to today 's shooting at the apartments .
roughly five ten in height is him , he says , but his well tailored jacket has just failed to cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
'but the jacket failed to hide the slightly rounded shoulders of the man 's height of about five ten .
the tailor made jacket has worn only slightly rounded shoulders for a height of about five ten .
to be about five ten , '' said rincewind , but only a well tailored jacket could not hide the slightly rounded shoulders .
'five ten , 'said the well tailored jacket only slightly above the slightly rounded shoulders .
at a height of about 5 10 he was a well tailored jacket did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
number five ten height means a well tailored suit does n't cover slightly rounded shoulders .
he stood up a good five ten inches tall in a well tailored suit , which only hid slightly rounded shoulders .
his jacket is going to be about five ten , but it has n't even hidden slightly rounded shoulders .
well , he was about five and a half feet tall . . . ? . . but his well tailored jacket did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders
counsellor gave them a year long consultation .
extensive consultations is underway and taking place in the last year
extensive consultation is taking place in the past year .
extensive consultation was carried out during the last year
we have a large number to consult over the last year
i have extensive consultations in the last year . ''
research . . . (. . . has focused on extensive consultations over the past year .
consultation was conducted during the last year .
the extensive consultation was no longer taking place .
his office conducted extensive consultations in the last year .
gold mine '' everything change .
the gold is going to change everything .
it 'll change everything for the gold .
that 's not all gold , but your gold will change everything .
ca n't everything change gold ?
the gold that 's going to change everything . ''
'the gold is going to change everything , i want this gold . '
i want to change everything about the gold . ''
everything changes in gold . . .
yeah , the gold 's going to change everything .
i 'm going to tell you to stop all the jokes in section five .
you could have stopped all the jokes that were still going on in the fifth section .
jokes played in section five could be shut down .
you can go there and stop all the jokes you 've got going on in the fifth section .
it 's part five , and you can shut down all the jokes you 've got on your mind . ''
go there . . . and stop with all the jokes you 've got in section five .
it also means shutting down all jokes from section five ,
you can shut all the jokes from the fifth part of the game . ''
you can go there and stop all the jokes you 've got going on in the fifth section .
a man can go there and stop all the jokes he 's got in section five .
committed scientists plays a role that will destroy the entire city .
the same going on with him is more madness to the destruction of the entire city .
crazy scientists who will destroy the city .
to a mad scientist who 's gon na destroy the city there 's no way .
the roles he 's going to play are crazy scientists who want to destroy the city .
they want him to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the city . ''
taking his place as a crazy scientist , his role is a madman destroying the city .
the role that will play in his mind is crazy as he will destroy the entire city .
all he 's going to do is become a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
roles he 'll play will be crazy scientists who will destroy the entire city .
last night of the shit was worth 50 bucks , fucker .
the fucking goods were worth 50 bucks and here .
and today the son of a bitch was stealing 50 bucks worth of goods .
something stupid happened to 50 bucks worth of goods .
but this fucker stole 50 bucks today , and in the meantime , he stole the goods .
$50,000 was stolen today by some son of a bitch .
and there 's 50 bucks worth of shit that son of a bitch stole .
the fucking bastard stealing 50 bucks did n't happen .
son of a bitch stole 50 worth of goods today .
and someone was stealing 50 bucks today did the fucker not steal anything ? ''
are n't you an amazing joss ?
you 're not nuts !
but your joss is over there !
you have absolutely an amazing joss .
it 's just , you know you have an amazing joss ! ''
but you 're not an amazing joss .
great job you 've got fantastically good .
hey , that 's a fantastically good joss .
you 've just fantastically done .
you know , you have an incredibly great joss .
if it 's petrol , your car 's selling gasoline ? ''
yeah , yeah , if they 're selling gasoline at the toy store ?
gasoline , do n't sell ?
see , they sell . . . gasoline in the toy store ?
they 're not going to sell gasoline in the toy . . .
see , that 's not what petrol sells in the toy shop ?
if they sell gasoline in the toy shop . ''
'as in the toy shop they sell gasoline ? '
and sell gasoline at the toy store ?
see , they 're selling gasoline at the toy store ?
people will now be doing the opposite of his plan
let 's do the opposite of his plan .
we'il do the opposite of his plan .
he 's carrying out the opposite of our plan .
i will be different if we respond to his plan .
we 'll do the opposite of his plan .
we were prepared for the opposite reaction to his plan . . .
let 's do the opposite of his plan ,
so we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
mr . that 's what we 're going to do against the plan he put in place . a counter attack .
oh , do you have a picture of jaws ?
has he seen jaws ?
you were seeing jaws in that movie ?
do you have any jaws ?
do you have a movie jaw ?
have these . . . you seen jaws ?
you 've seen jaws . ''
you saw the movies . ''
'have you seen the movie jaws ? '
is that what you saw in jaws ?
do n't gets hurt in your head ?
does a head really hurt that much ?
was the head hurt in your head ?
did head hurt people ?
is there a headache too ?
does a headache have any effect ?
did anything bad happen to your head ?
no head hurts to do ?
does a bad head hurt in today 's world ?
do you have a headache ?
we have things going beyond money
the thing is two more things ,
we have more than money . ''
to do something more than money has its limits . ''
'many things have more than money . '
things like that are beyond the money ''
even dollars , other things
there 's a thing beyond the money !
there was no longer going to be money .
things in addition to money .
find the keys to unlock the lock , everyone has to do it .
i 'm looking for the key to unlock the lock , i did n't play .
find the keys needed to unlock the lock .
if all players found the keys to unlock the lock , they did .
i 'm looking for the key to unlock the lock .
look , that 's what every player has to do to get the lock off .
find the key to the unlock of the lock . . . ! . . and everyone knows it 's a game .
find the keys so the lock can be opened .
give him the keys so he can unlock the lock .
find the key . i 'm all players ready to unlock the lock . . .
shall we go to teddy 's ? ''
'have you kissed teddy yet ? '
are n't you happy ?
is n't it about teddy kissing ?
want to give him a kiss ?
you 're not kissing teddy , are you ?
would you not be in love with teddy ?
you 're not going to kiss him .
would you rather kiss him , or what , are you going to kiss him ?
does he kiss too ?
 swordsman must have a range of different moves and attacks , as well as counter attacks and defensive skills .
his swordsmanship was well suited to many moves , ranging from attack to counter attack and defense .
such swordsman need a range of different moves from attack to counter attack and defense .
the skill of a swordsman requires a variety of moves and , in particular , in counter attack and defense .
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attacking , counter attacking , and defense .
many moves require a keen ability to distinguish between attack , counterattack , and defense .
swords swordsman skills are fully prepared by a range of moves , attacks , counter attacks and defense .
sword skills are required by a range of different moves , attacks , counter attacks and defense .
 swordsman must have a range of moves and attacks , as well as counter attacks , counter attacks and defense .
the skill of a swordsman must consist of a series of different moves , attacks , counter attacks and defense .
you do n't have to forget that you 're 5 feet taller . . . so you 'll be missing a lot .
i 'm sure , sir , but remember that you 're going to be five feet taller .
remembrance of the fact that you are five feet taller makes you likely to miss it .
do n't forget you 're going to be five feet taller .
remember the fact that you 're going to be five feet taller .
remember , this is how many feet you 're likely to be missing .
i also remember the distance five feet .
remembering that you 're five feet taller , that 's for sure your lost time .
you have a lot of time to lose , so i guess you 'll be missing five feet .
i 'm sure you 'll be missing five feet , and that 's not how you 're going to be .
learn from me to teach , do n't throw things away
let 's teach instead of throwing things away
teach me and not throw things away .
you 're teaching me , and you do n't throw things away .
teaching before throwing everything away , teaching instead of throwing things away
instead of throwing things away !
teach me first , throw the whole things
i learn and do n't throw things away .
taught by now , i learned .
teach me instead of throwing things away . . . because i 'm teaching
such meetings are usually going to involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
the meetings of candidates '' are usually highly preparatory work to be taken into account .
their meeting usually includes a considerable preparatory work for which they are required to take into account .
their meetings include a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
such meetings usually include a large number of preparatory activities for which candidates must take into account .
generally , the preparatory work includes candidates to take into account in meetings .
the meetings required candidates usually carry out a large number of preparatory activities .
most meetings will normally involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
such meetings usually include a large number of preparatory activities , which candidates must be prepared for .
they meetings generally do not include much preparatory work that candidates must take into account .
'he 'll win thirty shillings . '
he wins 30 shillings . ''
he 'll win for 30 shillings today .
he 'll win 30 shillings
we 're going to win 30 shillings . ''
i 'm sure he 'll win 30 shillings .
he 'll win 30 shillings !
you 're going to win 30 shillings ,
he 'll win 30 shillings !
he 'll win 30 shillings !
my baby is kidnapping .
but my baby 's kidnapping !
the kidnapping of my baby .
someone kidnapped to my baby .
last night is the kidnapping of my baby
my baby is n't kidnapped yet .
my baby is n't with them .
my baby is dead .
someone abducts my baby !
stupid to kidnap my baby .
victory will be really enjoyed ?
does the victory mean you 're happy ?
will the wins be ? ''
the victory gave you a pleasure ?
is it nice ?
is there a victory ?
do you have a good win ?
is the victory enjoyed ?
is there a victory ?
is that nice ?
jennifer thought his son was dead , was a terrorist , and died in an ambush .
he says , his son could n't do it because of a terrorist attack . ''
jihadi was trying to get his son killed in an attack . ''
he says , his son died in terrorist attacks ''
they believe the death of their son as a result of a terrorist attack .
this was so terrorist .
he thought his son was murdered by terrorists . ''
he 's the one who thinks his son died in an assassination attempt . ''
he thought his son was murdered by terrorists
jihadi . . . did he think his son was killed in an attack ?
we 're going to the city tonight to change . ''
he 's just got another night in town .
it will be another night than in town
this is city night !
on another night than in town !
going another way than in town . . .
after all , it 's another night and a night in town . ''
this is . . . different .: ) a city night , a night . .oo
on a night other than in town . . .
you , well . . . this is a different night than in town .
is one of the veterans hospital ?
wo n't you be at the veterans ' hospital ?
'is it a hospital for veterans ?
are you at the veterans hospital ?
oh yes , is this an old hospital ?
does he work at a veterans hospital ?
the hospital 's old hospital that 's supposed to be ?
is n't that the veterans hospital ?
are n't you at the veterans hospital ?
do we have a veterans hospital here ? ''
now he had spoken in hebrew for ten minutes .
he must have spoken hebrew for ten minutes .
well , he spoke a hebrew in ten minutes .
here , he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes !
his speech was in hebrew for ten minutes .
in fact , the hebrew guys spoke ten minutes and a half .
standing in front of you , you 've only spoken hebrew for ten minutes .
he 's been talking in hebrew for ten minutes .
standing in front of you now , you 've spoken in hebrew for ten minutes
he spoke hebrew when he was still in it .
is that what they hate about fire ?
they 're such bad guys , they hate the fire .
they 've got guns , hating fire ,
'they do n't like shooting them !
'their hatred is fire , 'he said .
they hate them because they do n't like fire .
they 're the ones who do n't like fires .
it was the people who hated the fire .
hate them for . . .
are burning them out of hatred !
they found him on the spot when i saw him .
but they told me the fbi was supposed to be raiding the house when i saw him .
but he looked there at the time , at the fbi 's raid , as i could see .
but he does n't , he seems , he was raided by the fbl when i first saw him .
but there was an indication that the fbi was on him when i saw him .
his surroundings marked him as an fbi raid .
but he seems the fbi just happened to see him when i saw him .
looks like there was an fbi raid on him when i saw him .
apparently he was , as i saw him , raided by the fbl .
but it was clear to me that the fbi was investigating him when i saw him .
it did n't hurt you , but my little boy .
nothing happened because i hurt your baby .
i did n't hurt your baby .
for me , you had nothing to hurt .
he did n't hurt you with my baby . . .
your baby was never in danger .
your baby has not suffered from me
your baby was not harmed by my actions .
that way , thanks to me , two things good , had been hurt by your baby .
your baby never came close to me . . .
the court will request the disclosure of such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
the court shall not be required to issue such declarations if national law allows it
to that end , the court will demand that these declarations be sworn if national law allows it .
and there will be a request for such declarations to be sworn if national law allows .
the court will demand that these declarations be sworn if national law allows it .
and court asks those declarations to be sworn if national law allows it .
the court will request the disclosure of such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
the court 's application shall apply to declarations made under oath if national law allows it .
the court will request it to issue those declarations under oath , where applicable , if national law allows .
it will demand the submission of such declarations under oath if national law allows . . . !
that 's my only chance , to scare her off and leave her alone !
i 'm gon na scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
of course , i 'm gon na scare her so she 'll let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her , and that 's why she 's gon na let it go .
that 's why he 's gon na let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
she 's just out of my sight when i 'm scared , which is why he 's leaving .
you scare the hell out of me to do it , so i 'm leaving him alone .
because i 'm gon na scare her , that 's why she 's gon na let it go .
why he 's gon na let it go , that 's all right !
well , i have to sit on my ass and look at the statement !
oh , yes , i have a seat on my ass and i 'm looking at the statement .
i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
and i 've been sitting '' that 's what i 'm supposed to look at these statements .
yeah , i 'm on my ass because of those statements .
i should just sit here and keep an eye on the statement .
i should n't be sitting here on my ass , and i 'll be looking at the statement .
and i 've just been sitting on my ass , not sure about the statement .
i just sat my ass down here and watched the testimony .
on my butt , i keep an eye on the evidence .
looks like she wrote a book about driving . ''
he 's writing a book about driving .
he seems to be writing a book about driving .
'looks like , ' she said , writing a book about driving .
he 's writing a book about driving .
she wrote it to the book about driving .
she must be able to write a book about driving . ''
he must write a book on driving . ''
as mentioned , '' the book wrote , car was written .
tanaki writes and writes a book about driving .
he was released from prison yesterday ! '
even though he 's out of jail , this evening he came out .
his father released the one last in prison .
released from prison .
he was allowed to go back to jail yesterday .
they released him here yesterday , okay ?
last two days , they released a lot of him from jail .
he came back last night from jail . ''
two days ago he took out jail when he was released .
'he was released from jail yesterday .
that 's not all we 're asking for 5 million .
the only thing asking is a million .
what we 're asking is five million , but i 'm not counting .
we want to get five million . ''
and let 's say five million .
'what we were asking for was five million . '
that 's five million divided by us .
what we were asking for was money .
it 's what we 're asking for 5 million .
but it 's about 5 million .
can there be a film or an hour of pottery
the choice will be
you can choose between films and courses in pottery .
then you can also choose to go to the movies or the pottery class .
you can choose between films and courses in pottery .
and you can choose between films and courses in pottery . ''
you were looking for a movie or learning pottery . . .
you can choose film or art courses
you pick up at the cinema or the pottery . . .
you can choose the film or the bowl . ''
starting singing their women when they settle down . . .
they sing , '' martha began her women , . . who had fallen asleep .
they start singing their women , '' ready to settle down .
do n't forget the serenade of their women when they 're settled .
he starts serenading his women once they settle down .
women as they settle down , serenade .
'they started singing their women when they settled down . '
start serenading your women , once they 're settled .
they will begin the singing of their women once they are settled
they 're sure they 'll start singing when they get settled .
and . . . they do n't even have grammatical errors in his paintings .
and they have no real gram in the photos .
here 's a gram and tiny truth . ''
and this is supposed to be the truth in the photos .
and the photos do n't even have grammatical errors .
well , of course one , even the grammatical errors there are still no gold 's worth of truth .
there 's no gram of truth in those pictures , right ?
he does n't even .
and then there was nothing left of the truth in the photo .
that does n't even have a gram of truth to it .
do you have the first day of work for the prime minister ?
does this have to be your first day working for the prime minister ?
is this your first day ? ''
'perhaps the day is more like the first day here for the prime minister ?
are you the prime minister one , huh ?
i 'm you 've been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
does the day of the office of the prime minister really exist ?
do you have the first day of work for the prime minister ?
was that day one employee the prime minister ?
has n't you been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
just , if i do n't see you as a monster , i 'll hunt monsters
if you are n't a monster ,
not just for non monsters and non monsters ,
if you are n't a monster , we 'll be hunting monsters !
no monster can be hunted if you do n't .
besides , it 's not possible to hunt monsters .
by catching the monsters ourselves .
i 'm just hunting monsters if you do n't want to be a monster . ''
if i do n't see you as a monster , i 'll hunt monsters .
but then i had a feeling you were n't a monster , just like we were looking for monsters .
early june 2008 , the company ended with most of its activities .
the company ended it , closing most of its activities in june 2008 .
the vast majority of its activities closed completely in early june 2008 .
closed the bulk of the business in early june 2008 .
lietuva 's headquarters i closed in early june 2008 .
in june 2008 its entire business is closed for the year .
at the start of june 2008 , the company shut down operations .
june 2008 june june 2009 closed as a result of the transaction , given the company 's financial difficulties , mccann closed .
the whole businesses closed it early june .
management has closed most of its activities in june 2008 .
did it come to him ?
have you been surprised ?
did it shock him ?
did they shock him ?
was it shocking , sir ?
something shook him a little ?
do you think it was a shock ?
was n't it shocking for him ?
did it really shock ?
did it shock him ?
as a result , these effects may be difficult to eat and drink .
as it also , difficulty in eating and drinking may be associated with these effects .
these weaker effects also cause more .
'there may be difficulties in eating and drinking due to these effects .
patients may be affected by these effects and may have difficulty eating or drinking .
as a result , it is difficult to eat and drink ,
such adverse reactions may cause difficulties in the supply of food and drink .
and it may not be affected by the ability to eat and drink .
so does this effect . ''
these effects occurred to make it difficult to eat and drink .
he 's gon na throw us both out .
it 's like firing .
they 're shooting us both out there . ''
they could fire us both . ''
they could even fire us .
they were , of course , just fired us .
give us a break and i 'll throw us out
that would mean we got fired !
everyone gets in our way .
let 's just get fired !
here , look , you 've got more beautiful clothes than the prince
look , this dress is more beautiful than the prince !
he dresses you like a prince who 's pretty .
you know , being dressed like that . . . is really nice for a prince .
you dressed this way , and in it you 're more beautiful than the prince !
you 're a nicer prince in a dress like that .
your dress is beautiful , like every prince .
you 're so much nicer than the prince .
you 're a handsome prince in a dress like that . ''
you 're the one more beautiful than the prince . ''
you ca n't verify the file .
the only files to be checked are the contents of the file
a check of the file failed .
unable to verify file .
no verification of the file .
unable to verify file .
you ca n't verify the file with the file .
no physical verify of file
file is not going to verify
file could not verify .
they die of hunger as if they were alive ? '' panagyn asked .
they 'll die ? '' panagyn asked .
someone not dead ? panagyn asked .
'there 's death , 'the panagyn said .
he 's got a dying wish ? '' panagyn asked .
'they do n't die ? 'said panagyn .
'people have lost their lives , 'said panagyn .
'they die a lot , 'said panagyn .
they were dead , they said panagyn ?
'so let them die , too , said panagyn .
the astronauts one on the other ?
is that you ?
you 're making an astronaut ?
was n't that an astronaut ?
maybe you 're not astronaut ?
you 're not astronauts .
are n't they , astronauts ?
wo n't it be an astronaut ?
well , are n't that an astronaut ?
are n't that an astronaut ?
i want to be friends with you .
i do n't want to be friends . . . people !
was that your friend ?
i 'm not interested in being your friend .
i 'm not your friend , i want to be friends . ''
i want you , i do n't want to be friends
mr . i 'm not your friend .
i did n't come for a friend .
i 'd like to be your friend . . .
i want to be friends with you .
and you 're not mad at me ?
or do you have anger now ?
do you feel so mad to see me ?
why not just be mad at me ?
you 're not mad to be angry ?
hey , is it you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not an upset ?
does any of you have anything to do with me ?
does it matter to me ?
you 've been to hell with me . ''
war 's such an obvious contradiction .
war declarations are not equal .
are n't the need to declare war and attack the nation 's troops ?
war declaration making such a nation 's troops is unlikely to be equivalent .
is not sure it is appropriate to declare war and attack the nation 's troops ?
it is impossible to declare war and attack the nation 's troops . ''
"declining war '' and its attack on the nation 's troops and people of these countries is not equivalent .
oh , it 's not as likely to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
i do n't think the declaration of war and the attack on the nation 's troops is necessarily equivalent .
such war declarations are not equivalent when it comes to attacking the nation 's troops .
. . . we 're going too fast . we wo n't meet our quotas .
grandpa , there 's too much speed for us to meet our quotas .
that 's too fast .
you know we 're going too fast !
and ca n't we at it to meet our quotas ?
it 's slow !
we 're too fast , not enough to meet our quotas .
are we slow ?
are we slow ! '' grandpa said .
grandpa , i 'm going too fast . we 'll never meet the quotas .
why did n't you make me miss my ladies ?
so i 'm not gon na miss you . . .
'what about you ? 'the ladies shouted at me .
'as you ca n't miss me , ' lady said .
'even if you do n't miss me , ladies !
'how i have no such thing as missing my ladies ! . . .
wow , how i ca n't miss you .
i do n't want to miss you .
no one 's missing my ladies .
how the hell i ca n't miss you .
each child does n't have two birthdays and all of them are told that they are born twice .
each child is , and do n't be born twice .
let 's all be born twice .
listen , they 're born twice , for each other 's second born .
he 's born twice . the men say they 're all born once .
he 's born twice . the men call themselves .
each child is , and everyone comes from two births .
everybody born twice , everyone is reborn twice .
everyone will be born twice , and then a man will tell you .
different people have already been born twice and the man is telling the truth .
sir , captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it .
and . . . captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it .
captain , he 's being preferred to captain muller or anyone else who does n't know .
captain , is going to prefer captain muller or anyone else who does n't know .
captain muller , he prefers captain mueller or someone who does n't know about it .
mr . muller , captain muller or anyone else we do n't know about is preferred .
mr . muller , of course , such as captain muller or anyone else have been informed .
captain , there 's no need for captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it . captain .
also , captains muller or anyone else who did n't know .
the preference is him and captain muller or anyone who does n't know .
okay . . . the murder of my film .
my next film one day was supposed to be killed for me .
they were just killed by my film .
now he murders films .
and they 're gon na kill my movie
now they 're killing my film .
now he 's murdered !
that 's now they 're gon na kill my movie .
there are people who want to kill my film now .
and my films are just killing me .
looks like our contract is coming up .
and it really is and we have a contract .
this thing must have been in the contract .
of course , it 's in the contract .
that must have been in the contract .
the thing here is it 's a contract is in it .
this thing comes to us as well as a contract , of course
that 's going to the contract .
of course , that 's what we have , we have a contract signed .
but it 's in the contract .
they have been adversely affected by the effects on the quality of water and fish .
environmental protection and fish health are expected to be affected in the case of accumulation of these substances .
tox . o . is going to have a negative impact on water quality and fish health .
tox . r . d is adverse to the quality of water and fish in the case of accumulation .
if this accumulation occurs , the situation is affected by the quality of the water and the health of the fish .
water quality management will have a negative impact on fish health
the water quality and fish health will suffer from the accumulation of these substances .
if so , it will affect water quality when it comes to fish stocks .
adverse effect on water quality and fish stocks .
if they accumulate there will be adverse effects on the quality of water and fish stocks .
we should shoot ! ''
it 's a taking shots . ''
we 'll go for a drink .
we should have a couple of shots
we 're gon na have a couple of shots . ''
i 'm taking a few shots .
we 'll have a couple of shots !
we 're gon na have shots ,
we 'll have a couple of shots !
we 'll have a couple of shots !
mr . sigursdon , shop 's not !
mr sigursdon was n't allowed to sell .
never the sale mr sigursdon .
mr . sigursdon sells here not just here .
mr . sigursdon 's not even there .
the sale mr sigursdon prohibited
sir , mr sigursdon we ca n't sell there .
so there did he sell nothing in mr sigursdon ?
i mean , mr . sigursdon , you ca n't sell it .
two sales , and he ca n't sell there .
grady is a negotiator ready ?
grady has n't taken a negotiation yet ?
grady 's negotiations , and he agrees ?
grady signed up . he 's negotiating ?
your father will have a negotiation ?
your father will be negotiating ?
consented to ?
are you negotiating grady ?
grady agreed to talk to you .
there 's a deal going on with grady ?
the country 's revenue from the budget must be balanced in terms of spending .
in the light of the revenue from the budget , must it keep a balance between spending and revenue . ''
the budget income must be balanced in terms of spending
i need to keep a balance between income and spending
the balance between income from the budget and expenditure is required .
in order to maintain a balance between income and expenditure , budgetary revenues must be maintained .
as far as budgetary revenues are concerned , expenditure must be balanced .
the amount paid to the budget in respect of expenditure must be kept in line
budget revenue had to be balanced in terms of spending . ''
the balance between income from the budget and expenditure is necessary .
i only want them to remember me as a monster .
that 's why i wanted them to remember me as a monster .
something that reminds me of me will be . . . a monster .
whatever ever happened to me , my wish was to be remembered as a monster .
i want them to remember me as a monster .
i just want them to think i 'm not a monster .
but i was just trying to remember that i was n't just a monster .
what i want to do , he remembers me as a monster .
what i want is the same thing that everyone remembers me as a monster .
because what i want is for them to remember me as not just a monster .
this is already missing a couple of months in the auction .
it 's just what he bought in a couple of months ago .
that 's what they gave him for a couple of months . . . mr . krajkowitz kowitz .
and that 's what they bought in an auction a few months ago . ''
that 's what they bought in an auction a few months ago . ''
that 's where he was auctioned a few months ago .
i was interested in that , he bought it a few months ago .
'they 've been auctioning this for months , ' karin said .
and this one is what he bought in a couple of months ago
that 's what they bought in an auction a couple of months ago .
once you have the sword on your hip , there will be no harm done to the demons .
the demon wo n't be on your side until you have the sword .
you were n't gon na be hurt by a demon if you had the sword on your hip .
assuming you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't be any of the demons .
once you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't be hurt by any demons , will n't you ? ''
once you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't hurt .
the sword now is only supposed to be on your hip , there was no harm done to you .
once you have the sword on your hip , no demon will be able to hurt you .
as long as he 's got the sword on his hip , he wo n't hurt the demons .
as long as he 's got the sword on his hip , he wo n't hurt the demons .
even though our planet has lived for 3 billion years .
it does n't take 3 billion years for life on earth .
there 's no more life !
the more time and 3 billion years have lived on this planet .
we live 3 billion years ago , so i guess there will be life on earth .
there have been human lives on earth for 3 billion years .
human life forms exist here . . . for 3 billion years .
lives on earth 3 billion years ago .
the life of the earth 's 3 billion years live together
yes , the planet 's life has existed for 3 billion years . . .
your seats are in front of me .
show me , sit down .
show your seats . show places .
did you sit in my seat ?
listen , i 'm going to show you the seats
my name was alexey let me show you in the seat .
you want me to show you the place ? ''
hey , it 's okay .
i 'm going to show you the place .
do n't let me get you in the seat .
speak up the english .
someone english gives him a good word .
someone 's speaking in english !
someone 's not here
u . s . c . . he can all speak in english .
someone 's a better in it .
no one speaks it .
someone speaks here in english !
no one 's talking in english , here .
someone 's not a stranger in english .
you got something weird in there ?
how about something weird going on ?
is something weird going on ?
is there something weird that happened to you ?
and that 's a strange thing ? ''
'what 's so weird ? '
let 's see if there 's anything weird .
it 's something weird .
does your mom have something weird ? ''
what 's weird about that ?
indeed , it was under torture the servants were able to confess .
he made the servants confess , he made them out of torture .
tortured torture , so the servants of erzebet confessed .
i tortured them with torture , and they made erzebet 's servants confess .
it was torture and forced to confess to the servants of erzzebet and made them confess .
it was in the torture they made the servants of erzebet confess .
they tortured the servants and gave them erzebet .
his torture was torturous , so the servants of erzzebet confessed .
it was tortured so that the servants of erzebet would confess .
they tortured the servants to confess .
and yet , the blood of the worms burns me even when i 'm asleep
yet my blood burns me no matter what i 'm asleep .
still , worms , blood burning , sleep .
bloody worm blood will burn me even if i 'm asleep .
yet there was blood of the worm , even when i was asleep .
yeah , more blood burns before i fall asleep .
and the blood of the worm is more burning than sleeping .
yet worm bloods burning me in my sleep .
all of a sudden i 'm burning the blood of a worm in my sleep .
yet my own blood , the blood of the worm in my sleep , continues to burn me .
several women of the elderly were in court , accused of sexual abuse of a minor .
some elderly women were in charge and sexually abused .
and one of the older women was accused of sexually abusing a minor .
someone old accused to sexual abuse of a minor .
and there 's an old woman , and in her place , she 's accused of sexually abusing a minor .
the pensioners have been charged and they are guilty of sexually abusing a 13 year old boy .
and there 's an old woman who 's accused of sexually abusing a minor .
in this case there are older women who have been charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
there was a woman in charge of sexually abusing a minor .
the charges have been filed against an elderly woman who sexually abused a minor .
several children at the party fought with herman , according to the information .
the other children fought with herman and then .
but the night of the party , 20 kids were fighting with herman .
something similar happened to 20 children who fought with herman that night .
and that night there were 20 kids fighting with herman , and on the night , they all played .
the night 20 kids have been fighting with herman and they 're full of blood .
and there 's 20 kids fighting the herman on the night of the party .
there were 20 kids who fought the herman that night .
a group of about 20 kids fought with herman on the night of the party .
the children have been fighting with herman since the end of the game .
' ? . . bacterial infection 's common cause 'is a narrowing of arteries ' . . . '
inflammation of the blood vessels is caused mostly by bacterial infection .
a bacterial infection getting infected will lead to a narrowing of arteries .
the usual effect of bacterial infection will be atherosclerotic .
infection caused by a bacterial infection .
the infection of bacteria leads to a narrowing of arteries .
infection 's common cause is up .
frequent symptoms of bacterial infection are caused by narrowing arteries to relieve pressure .
something to do with bacterial infection is in the arteries at the same time .
it causes bacterial infection to narrow arteries .
scare him to death .
you scare my kids ?
you want a little scare ?
scaring of me ?
is he scared of me ?
you want a little scare ?
did my scare ?
hey , the scarecrow ?
out of fear ?
my fear was he scared ?
it 's going to be a buy . ''
we should go . ''
we 'll go for a look .
we 'll buy something ! ''
we 're gon na have to buy something ! ''
i 'm supposed to buy something !
we could buy something !
we 're gon na have to buy ,
we could buy something !
we could buy something !
then nothing will be fought
then nothing will be fought .
now we 'll be fine , i swear !
it 's no time to fight , i swear !
there are no fights between us , i swear !
not much fighting will be here .
we 're not gon na fight , i swear .
we wo n't fight , promise .
it 's no fight , i swear !
there 's nothing going on , i swear !
judging my watch is n't even possible . . .
as impossible as i could have condemned you on my watch .
you 've never been convicted in my time .
well , no one could convict you on my watch .
they turned out to be impossible to convict on my watch !
that 's right , katharine , i 'm absolutely sure you ca n't be convicted on my watch .
that 's impossible when i watch you .
it 's impossible for me to sentence you to death .
it 's impossible in my time to convict you
unable to sentence you at my place .
people in principle consider the data on transactions to be environmental information and one day .
commercial transaction related data , therefore .
it is a principle for people to consider transactions data as information about the environment .
thus . . . everyone regarded the transaction as an environmental information
this made people . essentially they consider the transaction data as information about the environment .
such information is regarded as an environmental information in principle .
and the consumer does not consider the transaction data as an environmental information .
i consider the transaction data in principle to be an information on the environment .
thus , in principle , our information is relating to transactions and information relating to the environment .
so essentially i was considered an environmental information .
( c ) angle a little more , so an immediate death is imminent .
a little more direct and that 's off you to die immediately !
all of a sudden you 'd die right away .
just a little shot that you 'd die right away .
a little bit more direct , and there would be an immediate death .
slightly shot and i 'd die right away .
somewhere in the back was a little more direct and you 'd be dead .
at a much higher angle you 'd be dead right away .
your more direct shot .
the odds to get a little closer , you 're not going to die right away .
collecting all the bags and the animals . . .
we collect , '' everyone took their bags , . . who 's got cattle .
we have to get all the bags , '' ready to take the cattle .
we have to get rid of all the luggage and the animals .
'give us all the bags , 'cause they 're cattle . '
bags like we 're taking , animals .
are we going to collect all the luggage and the cattle ? ''
we have to get all the bags , the animals .
we 'll get all the bags and the cattle . . .
we 're sure we have bags full of bags and animals .
there has not been an image of the earth in which it revolves .
the image where the earth is turning was shown
the images showed rippling earth .
there 's an image of the rotation of the earth .
the image of the revolving earth shows several times magnification .
earth 's rotation appears in the image . . .
several images have been shown , including the image of the revolving earth ,
they 've been shown a shot of the revolving earth . . .
she saw the image of the revolving earth ,
she saw the image f . r . earth ,
drop the gun , sir !
i 'll drop the gun !
drop the gun on the ground ! ''
give your gun one more shot .
now put the gun down . . .
and put the gun on the ground !
put in the gun now .
drop the gun now .
put the gun down
get the gun out of here ! ''
is anyone going for a football game ?
did anyone want football ?
doing , dude , playing football ? ''
okay , so do that guy want to play football ? . . .
hey , let 's play some football . ''
having a good time , mate ?
friend boy want to play football
is something wrong with your football ?
what was your idea of football ?
what about you guys want some football with me ?
you really got robbed ?
you did return the stone ?
you came to return the stone ?
of course , you 've already returned the stone ?
you were just returned ?
you were taken away ? right ?
that 's right rock ? ''
you came out here with the stones ?
you 'll be returning the stones ?
the stones came out right now ?
do you know everything about this story ?
was that your whole story ?
you just told us this story ?
did you all talk ?
you say your stories ?
'you told us this story ? '
you told the truth ?
is that what you were telling us ?
so did you tell us everything , exactly everything ?
do you really have a whole story ?
for that reason , the third ground to
so third ground must be first heard .
must be examined first , such a third ground must be heard .
the third ground issue should rule out first place .
the third ground of appeal is therefore addressed before the second .
there is a reason why the third ground must be heard first .
so the third ground must first take place .
it would not be appropriate to examine the third ground first .
third ground conditions should be addressed before the third ground condition is addressed .
case first , it is going to examine the third ground .
i mean negotiation . ''
in a negotiated way . . .
sounds like a negotiation , all right ?
it 's about negotiation .
it 's a negotiation of words , all right ?
his word , that means negotiation .
is that a negotiation ?
'he means negotiation , all right . . . '
that means a lot of negotiation .
'but the master means two negotiations . '
so long as you pursued the man ? ''
do you have a reason to chase this man ?
well , he 's the pursuer of this person ? ''
detective person wo n't be able to find out why ? ''
did you pursue him ? ''
'did you really chase anyone then ? '
is that him ?
and did you chase ?
'been chasing someone else ? . . . '
you 're chasing someone like that ?
we 're going to him to take a big risk . ''
i 'm putting him at risk ,
is he at risk ?
he 's very much and so did . . . in danger .
at the risk of him .
taking risks for him . . .
for that , he risks a lot and for him . ''
that 's . . . dangerous . . er .
for him too risky . . .
he , too . . . he 's taking too much risk .
there was dwera 's anger and mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera irritated the whole thing with mudfoot 's behaviour . ''
dwera irritated him , too , at mudfoot 's behaviour .
as dwera watched , the mudfoots , and the others behaved in an irritated way .
dwera did not agree with mudfoot 's behaviour .
even for dwera , mudfoot was still able to irritate him .
dwera was taking mudfoot 's behaviour very seriously .
for now , it irritated dwera that mudfoot was behaving so strangely .
is this dwera 's behaviour with mudfoot ?
dwera was offended by mudfoot 's behaviour , but at the same time .
when klingon attacked him , he ended up
he stayed in cardassia after the klingons attacked him .
when the klingons attacked him , his intestines froze .
when the klingons attacked , the commander in chief had gone too , trapped in cardassia .
when the klingons attacked . . . he was caught .: . so far as cardassia .
when the klingons attacked him , he was trapped on cardassia .
when the klingons attacked , two men from klingon had taken him to cardassia .
as soon as the klingons attacked him , they trapped him in cardassia .
the only time the klingons attacked was when they caught him on cardassia .
when the klingons attacked . . . they trapped him in cardassia .
that he will take the law into his own hands and commit himself to violence .
i do n't allow them to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
i took the law into my own hands , and it 's not enough .
well , please . . . take the law into your own hands and commit violence !
why do n't you take the law into your own hands and commit violence . . . ? . . as if it were n't a crime ?
i never , nor do i abuse law , commit acts of violence .
take the law into your own hands and do n't commit violence .
therefore , violence was prohibited in the hands of those who took the law .
they take the law into their own hands and commit violence . . . ! . . without exception .
take the law into your own hands and be punished for violence
i think it reflects the human destinies .
most people do n't choose their own destinies . ''
people were selected according to their fate .
the destinies of humans is reflected in him .
human destinies were selected .
the human destinies affect him , one that is reflected in him .
the destinies of humans were shaping in her .
the destinies of humans are selected .
people does n't choose their own destinies .
people 's destinies creation was subject .
'men , 'said the old man , who at some point the smell of their perfume had nearly wiped out the night .
that 's almost enough , for the terrible smell .
and sometimes , perfume masked .
that smells . . . terrible .
they smelled fragrances .
nights , their perfume has masked . . . a terrible smell .
all those nights were so much of a terrible smell that their fragrant perfume almost masked it .
do not forget , at some nights they were so perfumed that it nearly masked the terrible smell .
nights have been so strong that their fragrant perfume has nearly masked the terrible smell .
some nights . . . (. . . they were so perfumed that it nearly masked the terrible smell .
for an alcoholic beverage ?
something 's best drinks . . .
for something to drink .
anything ? mrs . darwin , drink ?
care for a glass '' ?
'a drink thing ? '
'wish for something to drink ?
'wish for something to drink , sir ?
thirsty need for something to drink ?
any appetite for something to drink ?
there 's a lot to live for .
you have a lot of life . . . for your life .
you have a lot of life to live .
you 've been living too long . ''
there 's a lot of life to live for .
you should have a lot of life .
you have lots .
you have a lot of life to live .
that i have too much for your life
you have a lot of life to live .
how could everyone in town become a schizophrenic overnight ?
how do you get a schizophrenic in town all night ?
everyone panicking . . . ? how can this happen overnight ?
oh , yeah , how could everyone in town be schizophrenic overnight ?
i do n't know , he became a schizophrenic overnight in town ?
? ? . . the truth of the matter .: .
people in town who become schizophrenic overnight ?
so many people all the same night are you a schizophrenic ?
what kind of man would become a schizophrenic overnight ?
how did they come to be schizophrenic overnight ?
and even if he insults the germans , he 'll probably shoot off the cannonball .
if he 's offended by the germans , he 'll shoot .
if he 's offended by the germans . . . ! . . his bullet will fall .
if he insults the germans , he 'll probably be bulletproof .
if he insults the germans , the first bullets will be fatal .
when he insults the germans , he takes bullets .
germany being insulted by the germans will take the bullet .
by insulting the germans he would take the bullet
when he insults the germans , he 'll shoot and die .
if he 's offended by the germans , he gets the bullet .
the borders , however , are innumerable .
but the border is wide .
we 're on the border .
border still everywhere . oh yes .
we have different borders .
we know the border is wide .
but border is clear .
but everyone crosses border different .
there are borders everywhere .
borders a little different .
he never abused my strength .
not abused , no , not me .
he had not abused me !
he did n't want to hurt me !
there was no abuse from him . ''
he has not abused me . ''
there was no abuse .
'no one abused me .
not someone had abused me like that .
stop abusing me . . . ''
commander is comforted by the problems mr clark
. . . the main commander to all problems , mr . clark ,
commander in chief , calm down , mr . clark will be . . . !
but that keeps the commander calm , mr . clark .
commander keeps calm in his dealings with mr clark .
chief clark will , in any event , be calm .
our commander remained calm , his troubles gone unnoticed .
the commander 's a calm man , despite all the difficulties .
we 're still in control , mr . clark .
keep an eye on your problems , mr . clark .
oh by the way you 're gon na break these walls , the whole seven seven walls . ''
and you wo n't be able to break through these walls .
you wo n't be able to get out of these walls will be
this wall never lets enough
he 'll never let you down from the wall . ''
you wo n't break !
you wo n't break out of the wall .
this is not going to let you break the wall ,
i do n't think you 'll be able to break through these walls .
he does n't want to let you break through the wall .
i 'll give him a lot of pride .
i 'll be proud of him , '' i said .
i want him to be proud of me , because he 's me .
he 's definitely gon na be proud of me .
i wish i could be his proudest .
i want him to be proud of me !
i 'll be proud of him !
daddy will be proud of me . . .
may i be proud of him . . .
i 'll just be proud of him ! '
the choice will be !
but choice so far has been wise .
it 's still very clever .
although smart of that choice .
but choices like that are always wise .
but it 's a wise decision .
but your choice , it 's a clever thing .
but a smart decision makes sense . . .
however , the choice is wise !
but choosing that is wise !
kind of weird , but his mind can do it .
but even his mind has the ability to do it .
what i mean is weird , but the mind is able to do it . ''
'they 're odd , but they have a mind capable of doing it . '
they 're weird but they have a mind capable of doing it .
it 's weird with the mind that can do it .
it 's weird with the mind that can do it .
his kind of weird , but his mind can do it .
'he 's weird too , ' said vimes .
the guy is weird , but with his mind he can do it .
i did ballistics on our friend 's gun , was betty killed there , just as much as the bullet .
we do ballistics on our friend 's gun , and they match the bullet in betty 's death today .
i did a ballistics test of our friend 's gun and did n't find a bullet that would have killed betty .
i ran a ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
i shot a friend of mine and found a match for the bullet that killed betty .
i ran a ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
i was at gunpoint with a friend , and he looked at the gunpowder on betty 's bullet would also be matched .
i carried out ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
i checked the gun with our friend , and he matched the bullet that killed betty .
i ran a ballistics on our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
what he stole was only bread , not bread .
all i know is that he has n't stolen a loaf of bread ,
from my point of view there was only a loaf of bread , and he did n't steal anything .
so far as i know , he managed to steal barely a loaf of bread .
he only stole when he was eating bread .
yeah , only bread from the loaf i managed to steal . .
none of the bread has ever been stolen from him .
the rest of the bread i found him stealing was just bread .
there was only one loaf of bread he had stolen from him .
a loaf of bread last i 'd ever heard of stolen . . .
madam , i was here for the queen .
arrest for your queens !
i 'm gon na arrest you for the queen .
and it 's you to be arrested for the queen !
in queen 's name ! 'y'il say you 're under arrest !
i 've arrested you for the queen .
and i now arrest you for the queen . ''
the queen one is supposed to be arrested !
now , i 'm gon na arrest you !
i arrest you for queen 's sake .
the poor guy living up home ?
does he live in the house of the poor ?
his family 's not here ? ''
they now live in the house of the poor ?
he just lived the poor people in his house ?
does n't he live in the house of the poor ?
does he live the poor man in his apartment ?
and he lives here with the poor guy ?
and , who lives in the house of the poor ?
does he live in the house of the poor at all ?
frank had a motive for the theft of state secrets .
sure ! '' said frank , stealing a state secret , and thinking of him as a thief .
the thieves stole his state secrets , putting frank in charge of him .
at first , the stealing frank was framing him for a state secret .
stealing a state secret as a reward for frank .
break up secrets ! '' the lieutenant said , and this one all caught frank in frank 's eye .
secrets and bribes made frank think of him as a thief
steals of state secrets '' frank wanted to take advantage of him .
the theft of state secrets could n't be frank 's fault .
he was able to steal a state secret from frank .
no one 's got anything more than torture and murder .
we 're torturing .
it 's okay . his torture will be enough for me .
i loved the torture and murder of him .
it 's just that i want to torture him and kill him .
torture to kill his still , nothing .
it 's both torture and murder .
torture i do n't want to hear about his murder .
all my wishes revolve around his torture and murder .
it 's just torture and murder .
yeah , if it 's six years , we 'll be in 15 cities .
for six years i lived in 15 cities .
we do n't even live six years in 15 cities .
we have n't lived in 15 cities for six years .
' six years ' life . we lived in 15 cities .
people do n't know we lived in 15 cities for six years .
and in six years we lived in 15 cities .
have n't we ever been in 15 cities in six years ?
well , did n't you just tell me we lived in 15 cities for six years ?
within six , our family was divided .
our clothes are for sale .
buy something , come on .
take your clothes . buy something .
did we go for a few things ?
listen , i 'm going to buy some stuff
our plan was a little short our purchase a couple of things .
we want something to buy . ''
hey , it 's okay .
i 'm going to buy something .
do n't want to buy anything .
so no one home he was ? ''
your house will be no one ? ''
no one lives in the house ?
no one has returned ?
is he a home boy ?
no one is good enough for you ?
in the house of no one ?
hey , anyone home ?
no one whose house ?
no one at the house . . .
and does anyone live in it ?
and do you have anyone inside ?
was he even on his way ?
can anyone be with you ?
not a word from anyone ? ''
god damn it 's okay with me if i did n't find anyone ? ''
is that the only one there ?
so , is there anyone else at home ? now he 's gone ?
does your husband have any friends out there today , sir ?
is there anyone who 's not ?
did the guy look in his pants ?
your underwear was visible in her pants .
you 've seen , right ? ''
you saw those her panties .
you 've seen her panties .
the same has happened to you , pants ?
you saw his underwear .
. . . you 've seen her panties .
you saw his underwear .
'you saw the outline of his trousers ? '
the report we 're going to discuss tomorrow morning .
in the morning , we got a report and wanted to talk to you .
we do n't have much till tomorrow morning . ''
do n't let us know tomorrow morning
then we 'll discuss it with you in the morning .
we 'll discuss it in the morning . ''
then give us a report tomorrow morning , sir .
were we giving you a brief till tomorrow morning . . .
let 's talk about it tomorrow morning .
then it 's tomorrow morning . ''
i 'll , in front of the fire , count ten .
the point is that before i shoot , i 'm counting to ten .
i 'll count to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
in the meantime , i 'll count to ten .
i was quick to fire at ten .
before the fire i 'm . . . i 'll count to ten .
i count on ten before the shooting . ''
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'll count to ten before i shoot .
it was clear the cover was on fire the hydrogen inside was in the fireball .
a cloud of flame and hydrogen inside the fireball .
something so big burst into flames that hydrogen in it turned into a fireball .
hydrogen explosion , hydrogen explosion .
opens up , they fly to fire with hydrogen in the form of a fireball .
will ignite the cover of fire . . . as the hydrogen inside explodes in the fireball
ignite flames with hydrogen in the form of a fireball .
'fire and hydrogen in the tank turned into a fireball .
the cover burned out , releasing hydrogen in the fireball .
thick smoke and hydrogen inside clouds made the flames .
giving them oil prices is n't even possible . . .
as long as i ca n't give them an oil price .
the thing is , i ca n't give them an oil price .
well , i can be unable to determine the price of oil .
there 's nothing so easy for me to determine oil prices .
impossible for , no , they ca n't afford oil prices .
it 's impossible for me to determine the price of oil .
that 's impossible when i give them oil prices .
it does n't get as low as oil prices .
it 's impossible for me to set a price for oil
it 's my friends and the world is busy .
you 're right . . . we got our friend .
you know my friends are busy , right ?
all right , friends , let 's keep an eye on them .
my two friends are busy right now . ''
you , why are my friends so busy ?
the friends . . . are still busy .
my friends , but not much time .
the friends we have . . . they do n't work much anymore .
it 's just . . . we have a lot of friends . ''
shots and bomb attack killed a dozen members of the gang .
in a wild shootout with explosives , dozens of members of the gang have lost their lives in the bombing .
out of fear of shooting , explosion and iberica killed several members .
shots and bomb attacks were killed several times by members of the gang .
the shootings and bombs have long since ended with the death of dozens of members of the gang .
the shootings of gangs and bombings have resulted in the death of dozens of people .
the wild shootings attacks is so much the death of dozens of members of gangs .
shots , and bombs killed many gang members that
wild shots and explosive attack killed dozens of members of the gang .
wild shots , explosive attacks , killed dozens of members of the gang .
a lot of technical glitches gone wrong ( we ca n't handle it ourselves )
many glitches have failed in our attempts .
too a lot of technical glitches on our part .
too many technical glitches caught in front of us and nothing worked out
too many technical glitches were going to fail .
techs could never work out for us . . .
many glitches were never in our minds .
our system failed for a lot of technical glitches .
. . . for a technical malfunction , there were too many of us .
much work was on the technical glitches .
you 're making a mystery out of it .
i 'm not going to sit here and look like a mystery .
it 's going to look mysterious . ''
'then you 'll sit here and look like a mystery , ' jennifer said .
sure . you do n't just want to sit here and look mysterious .
you do n't want to sit here and look mysterious , do you ?
you two sit here and look a little mysterious !
you wo n't even want to sit here and look mysterious !
you 're sitting down all the time and looking mysterious .
let 's sit here and it was n't supposed to be a mystery .
you really have a lot of rain in the movie . ''
you 're really talking about it in your movie .
i have the impression that in your movie it really rains .
your movie says it rains and you . . . !
sure . you said in the movie . it 's really raining .
. . . i hear it 's really raining in your movie .
you 're in the movie , and it 's not supposed to rain .
is there really much rain in your movie ?
in your movie , you do n't talk much about rain .
so much of your movie , you right there , that it really rains .
you had to sit here and look mysterious .
and now you 're just gon na sit there and look mysterious . . .
and now you 're just gon na sit there and look mysterious . . .
best thing is to sit here . . . and look like a mystery '' out of nowhere .
you 'll just sit .
you 're sitting there looking a little mysterious .
the only thing you have to do , is sit there and look mysterious .
just sit it down and look mysterious .
you can just sit here and look mysterious .
you just told him to sit there and look mysterious .
but i was saying he was n't strong enough .
you can say it , but something says it 's not hard enough !
what i 'm trying to say is a little hard for him .
i just want you to say he 's not strong enough .
what i 'm about , he was n't strong enough
it 's what i said he was n't strong enough .
i 'm just saying he was n't strong enough .
in fact , i 'm saying he was n't strong enough .
i 'm just saying he was n't strong enough .
it 's just out of my mind when i say he 's not strong enough .
he 's a traitor , and if he does n't , he 'll be punished for it .
he 's a traitor , and an empire will punish him for it .
he 's a traitor . we 'll punish him with an empire law .
that 's a traitor and it 's not an empire 's punishment .
he 's a traitor and that 's what an empire will punish him for .
he 's a traitor and i 'll punish him with an empire law . . .
he 's a traitor and we 'll punish him with an empire law .
he 's our enemies and i 'll punish him with an empire law .
he 's a traitor , and so the empire will punish him .
'he 's a traitor and i 'll punish him with an empire law . '
'full alert , '' he said , like all of his security .
security had to be full of alert .
yeah , the guards are alert .
security ? he 's all alert .
yeah , the security was exactly the same as him .
'yes , they want to be full of alert they 're like his security .
full alert doing this kind of security .
it 's a complete alert that protects him .
this is his security , this is their security .
all of a sudden , he 's all in a state of alert .
the headless body lusian has been dragging into a crumbling shed .
lucian 's body dragged , and with his headless body , was a shapeless body in a decaying shack .
the headless bodies were dragged into a decaying shed by lucian .
the body of lucian with his headless body was dragged into a crumbling shack .
the lusian did n't have a head and dragged the dead bodies into a decaying shack .
the headless bodies have been dragged into a decaying shed .
the headless bodies were all drawn to a decaying shack when lucian was there .
he was dragged by lucian 's headless body into a crumbling shack .
the bodies were dragged into a decaying shed where lucian stood .
the bare headless bodies have been dragged into a decaying shed .
yeah , he was still filmed .
'he did n't notice the video . 'said the clerk .
he 's not taking videos anymore .
'they always carry . 'you did n't notice ?
so far they 're being loaded with videos , as you did n't notice ?
even if you do n't know it , it 's always going to be videos .
it 's full of videos and has n't noticed ?
it 's still there , videos you did n't notice ?
it 's , uh . . . they 're . . a video , do n't you notice ?
it 's in there to keep the videos , you know ?
the farm and forest are right next to each other . ''
farm and forest do n't live nearby .
farm farm and forest close to yours ( neighbors )
they have an adjacent .
you , he owns a farm and a forest close to where you live .
yes , forests around you have been adjacent to the farm .
i see a farm and a forest close to where you live .
the farm and forest is n't far away .
farm close . . . adjacent woods .
it 's adjacent to a farm and a forest .
and war released cothy ?
u . s . war . was released by the cothys ?
have the cothys unleashed their war ?
did the war bring the cothys at all ?
has the war not released cothy ?
has the war freed ?
what was the war 's release ?
has the war freed cothy ?
is n't that what the war unleashed ?
have the cothys ever released a war ?
we 'll go home , the damn good ones in the house ?
we 'll be going home , after all ?
we 'll go back to the house , okay ?
we wo n't be going home , okay ?
it 's going to be our home , okay ?
we 're going to go home , okay ? ''
we 'll go back to the house , okay ?
we 're going to the house , okay ?
let 's go back to the house . right ?
'lord 's right , good night 's house will be our home .
do n't even say a taiwanese gang 's territory .
he gave me his taiwanese gang .
let me know where a taiwanese gang is .
so , show my taiwanese gang .
well , we 'll give you a taiwanese gang 's territory .
okay , sir , look at my taiwanese gang 's territory .
you 're still a gangster in taiwanese territory , right ?
so picking up , getting me a taiwanese gangster 's territory .
make it clear that my territory belongs to a taiwanese gang .
give me a piece of territory from a taiwanese gang !
being too good is not just so good . . .
as impossible as anyone can be so good as a salesman .
people to be so good are never suited for sales .
no one . anyway , i think it 's impossible for anyone to be so good as a salesman .
impossible for that , no , he ca n't be too good for a salesman .
that 's impossible , crazy i 'm so good at sales .
that 's impossible when someone 's too good for a salesman .
it 's impossible for anyone to be so great that he ca n't be a salesman .
you 're impossible for someone who 's so good that he ca n't be a salesman .
let 's not be too good . . . so .
he looked like a moustache .
jimmy , on the other hand , could n't see his moustache .
his moustache looked out of place .
his grown man beard was still on his head , revealing a hung moustache .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
all his moustaches seemed to be hanging .
he looked almost as if he had a moustache .
that 's still what his moustache looked like .
could it be ? he seemed to have a moustache .
he looked almost as if he had a moustache
katharine was holding me by the arm , and was caressing me .
her hands held loosely around my shoulders , caressing me .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder and stroked my hand .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder and took me by the hand .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder , took me by the arm and squeezed me .
i feel like she 's holding my little hand and caressing me .
she leaned down , held out her slim hand and stroked me .
'she put her slim hand on my shoulder , and caressed me . '
she was still holding my hand , the girl caressing the palm of my hand .
then , my hand . . . she took me by the arm and groped me .
looks like i have a nice couple of nice guys .
now i feel like they 're really nice guys .
now i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
the boy here seemed to be really nice .
i feel like they 're really nice guys , ''
'and i think they 're really nice guys .
and it 's probably true that they 're really nice guys .
in my opinion , they 're really nice guys .
as it seems , they 're being nice to me is my boy .
rocks , rocks , there 's a hot iron in the palm of your hand .
the stone stone struck hard them , burning like a hot iron .
the stone one was hard on their hands and burned like a hot iron .
a sharp stone struck and burned in his hands like a hot iron .
the rock in his hand is hard to burn like a hot iron .
rocks could only be struck and they burned a hot iron .
the rock was hard and hot in the palm of his hand .
the rock was heavy in his hand , burning like a hot iron .
the rock struck hard enough , burning like a hot iron in the palm of his hand .
something hard in the palm of his hand , burning like a hot iron .
as far as i know , the little dog likes the schumama .
that 's right , and one is really a dog who likes schumama .
he 's one of the dogs . he just loves to go to schumama .
there are dogs , and they do n't like schumama .
he 'll be a little dog and he 's got schumama .
let 's go , this is a little dog , schumama , he loves it .
just do n't talk too much about the dog that loves schumama .
i know one little dog who likes schumama .
there 's one little dog and the best the schumama
my dog is obsessed with schumama . . . ! . . and he does n't like it .
he was never begging and begging me , including you .
no one 's begging me , and even you ca n't .
you can beg no one , not even me !
nobody wants to make me beg for anything , not even you
and you have to let me beg no one .
ca n't anyone beg
'i 'm not begging anyone . ' said vimes .
for that reason , no one else will make me beg .
let me beg no one , not even you !
no one will be able to make me beg . ''
i guess there 's a big difference between them , and they 're social issues .
there were significant differences , which was evident in social issues .
society 's different .
there are significant differences , the differences taking place , social issues and so forth .
social policy , show significant differences , there are significant differences .
big differences appear in social issues . . .
we have seen significant differences as they relate to social issues .
in my view , it has emerged significant differences .
we see two big differences in social issues .
there are significant differences in the social realm .
garuda 's footsteps were once again called .
he again screamed as garuda ran for the door and tried to escape .
mrs . garuda screamed her again the moment i was rushing to the gate .
at the gate ! '' cried garuda , who was rushing toward the door .
the door was open , with garuda screaming again .
garuda screamed again and let go of him .
garuda screamed again and raced up the stairs , barely out of breath .
he screamed again at garuda , rushing to the gate .
garuda screamed and started running toward the gate .
garuda had already screamed him when he was rushing to the gate .
if they do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom . ''
i 'm not crazy if they do n't stop behaving like that !
if i did n't stop being crazy , i would n't come out of the bathroom .
so when they do n't stop being crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom !
my going to hell with you does n't stop me from coming out of the bathroom !
when they do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
i wo n't take it if everyone does n't stop behaving like crazy .
i have a guarantee that if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
i wo n't come if they do n't stop being crazy !
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
who 's got those apartments ?
which was the owner of those apartments ?
who owned those apartments and where have you found them ?
who do you think owns those apartments ?
what real estate to rent ?
did you find him in those apartments ?
who owned those suites ?
'who owned those apartments ? '
who owned those suites ? '
who did you find out ?
it 's a cry , right ?
is that a cry ? ''
is that a cry or something ? ''
does it . . . cry ?
'it 's crying , '' was n't it ?
'and that 's a cry ? 'said the mage .
it 's what you 're crying about , and you 'm not crying ?
is that what he 's crying about ?
it made me cry
is the crying going on ? ''
we should n't give the last penny to the film ,
maybe the film is as if we were paying the last penny .
it was necessary to spend the last penny on the film .
for the film 's last penny , we 're not paying the last penny .
we 're not gon na make the last penny of this movie . . .
we should n't give the last penny to the film .
we should n't be putting the last penny into the film . ''
we do n't give the last penny to the film . ''
film should be our last penny , not other pennies !
we 're not supposed to spend the last penny on this movie . . .
beautiful , powerful healing energy emanates from love .
a powerful energy of restorative power . . . when it comes out of love .
a powerful , healing energy is emerging from love . . .
the emergence of powerful restorative energy is a source of great love
the love is waking up to powerful restorative energy .
a powerfulorative energy is emerging .
a powerfulorative energy emerges from the love affair .
with a powerful energy that comes from love , there 's a lot of healing out of love ''
all right , but a powerful energy will come out of love , the great restorative forces , and powerful restorative energies .
a powerful restorative power has begun to emerge from love . . .
as soon as he gets his rocks back , he gets everything else .
if you get the stones back , the things will come back .
soon after the stone you have your stone back .
when he took off his rock he took his things back .
once you have the stones . . . you have what you have before you have your things . .
when you took the stone back , you found what you wanted .
you found something more when you got the stones .
when you took the stone back , you had to take everything back .
if you get the stones back , you 'll get your stuff back .
once with his stones came his things came back .
they rejected them all the requests to refund the tax paid to the various customers .
they rejected demand that they refund the tax paid to the various customers .
they reject applications that have been submitted by different customers to refund the transfer tax .
they rejected individual requests .
they rejected the application for a refund from the turnover tax .
rejected by the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
they rejected the applications that other customers submitted to refund the transfer tax .
they rejected the applications of other customers , demanding a refund in respect of turnover tax .
they declined to respond to the requests made by other customers , according to which they were entitled to refund the turnover tax .
in order to refund the tax they have received from different customers . . .
jen . . . ? . . has embarked on a lengthy judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
i was very impressed by the fact that jen started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
'a year longer he started a judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
his wife started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
jen did n't start a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
jen started the courts working for a long time to help brilliant lawyers .
jens started long courts .
jen launched a long term trial process so he could help brilliant lawyers
jen started a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
his name was jen , a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers . ''
'what an idiot you are ! '
he 's an idiot you 're an idiot .
what an idiot you were !
'what an idiot , ' he said .
and what was an idiot that you were ?
and such dumb idiots you are !
guys , what an idiot you are !
that 's what an idiot you are
what an idiot you are ! you 're an idiot !
what an idiot you are ! '' said the man 's voice .
one days were going to be able to travel to another planet ,
this will happen when our ship can travel to another planet .
if only , i 'd ever thought our ship could travel to another planet someday . ''
maybe one day 's time will come when our ship will be able to land on another planet .
there will only be a time when our spacecraft will be able to land on another planet .
it 's just that someday our spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
there will be a day in the future when our spacecraft will be able to land on another planet .
there 's a day in the future when our spacecraft will be able to land on another planet .
if our ship can travel to another planet someday , we 'll never know .
someday i wo n't be able to use our spacecraft and that we can go to another planet .
we wo n't compensate you if you damage yourself ,
then the defendant pays for what damage has been done .
we will reimburse the defendant for his damage .
due to damage caused by the defendant
we wo n't pay the costs to the accused .
i 'm not compensating for your damage .
we wo n't pay the costs of the accused .
we do n't pay compensation to the accused . ''
justice will compensate you , not other damages .
we are not paid to compensate the accused for their damage . . .
you know i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
when it comes to military affairs , it 's going beyond my authority .
the fact that i have permission to disclose military affairs and i do n't . ''
i think it 's illegal to disclose military affairs , too .
it 's permission to disclose military matters .
divulging what is happening in the military is off my terms
publishing the army 's affairs is permission .
to disclose the military 's affairs would be beyond my understanding .
divulging military affairs , which is not allowed , that is beyond my authority .
the military matter itself , exceeding my permission .
let 's hope to recover in 18 months
will have to wait 18 months before they recover
they 'll have 18 months to recover . ''
will be recovered in 18 months .
the whole thing of them is being repaired for 18 months .
he 'll give them 18 months of recovery .
they 'll be fine if they do n't recover in 18 months .
they were recovering 18 months .
they 're going through 18 months of recovery .
they 'll be fine and recover in 18 months .
our arguments are in court .
let 's talk , in court .
let our arguments . go court .
did we argue in court ?
listen , i 'm going to argue in court
our court gave the other us a trial in the courthouse .
we want us to argue in court . ''
hey , it 's court .
i want to argue in court .
do n't let them argue in court .
all of these acts belong in court to an attempted murder charge .
it 's an attempt at a trial judge 's murder .
the defendant 's committed in an attempt at a murder trial .
his offence is an attempted second degree murder of an official .
does his crime really constitute an assassination attempt on the judge ?
his crime is even an attempted criminal .
i have an attempted murder charge filed against him .
i 'm trying to kill a judge . ''
he 's got an attempted murder charge
for his offence is an assassination attempt by a judge
'there . ' bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
fuck off . 'said the old man about tom van 's fate .
'listen ! 'he said , and it 's bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that , really going down .
'pretty . 'he said , ' when a guy like tom van ends up like this .
fuck when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
the situation is bad .
i 'm sick of it when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
bad enough to end up with a guy like tom van .
there 's a bad thing . . . when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's bad when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
it looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings have some mistakes to make .
the agent does n't seem to have made a mistake . ''
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
as if agent spikings had made mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes ?
go to mr . pontail 's house . what they have to do to him the bread .
bring the bread to mr pontail , you son of a bitch .
then bring your bread mr pontail .
i 'm going to get mr . pontail 's bread .
order bread for mr pontail !
come to mr . pontail 's bread
you order a loaf of bread for mr . pontail .
then go out with mr pontail 's bread .
bring mr . pontail 's bread , please .
bring mr pontail 's bread to him .
he 'll be removed from all official records . ''
he 'll get away with all the official records . ''
he 'll all be cleared , but he had no official record .
we release him from all official records .
did they remove him from official records ?
he 'll be rid of all official records !
we 'll release him from all official records to . . .
then all deleted from official records and . . .
we 'll clean him up , and we deleted all the official records .
he 'll be rid of all official records !
and you just have to calm down .
all right , your composure .
oh , my god .
well , everyone 's calm is . . .
guys , that 's easy .
is everyone calmed ?
everybody , calm down !
everyone calm down . . .
just let 's calm down .
do n't worry so much .
range 2 . d 2,000 , that 's how much it costs for food
standards , which are about 2,000 standards for food . . . ! . . for the price of food .
such meals roughly 2,000 standard .
two thousand standard deviations , which is what the food costs .
is that about 2,000 standard , is n't it ?
about 2,000 standards . . . ! . these meals are like food .
the food 's cost of about 2,000 standards we 're talking about .
standards . . . it 's about 2,000 worth of food .
that 's how much it costs for food !
roughly 2,000 of those standards it 's going to cost you . food .
are you holding out counsel now ?
did you speak with a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
oh there . are you here with a prosecutor or a judge 's lawyer ?
did he ever talk to a prosecutor or a judge ?
that 's what a prosecutor or a judge can do ?
are you a prosecutor or a judge who can help you ?
you were a prosecutor or not even a judge ?
he speaks with a prosecutor or a judge ?
was it possible you were talking to a prosecutor or a judge ?
speak directly with a prosecutor , defense attorney or judge ?
i 'm telling you , every wannabe knight says this .
you know in this world of knights , everyone says the same .
they 're all wannabe knights and so do you !
you know everyone says this wannabe knight .
you know '' and all those wannabe knights are telling us .
you knew that every wannabe knight was saying this . ''
'listen . . . all those wannabe knights tell you . '
you can hear what every wannabe knight says
when all those wannabe knights talk about it , they mean it .
you must know this wannabe knight will tell you everything .
before they all go crazy , they 'll be gone from the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i wo n't let you go !
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going back to the bathroom . ''
just before they all go crazy , i 'll never get out of the bathroom . . .
before they all go crazy , i 'll never be released from the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , it 's not going to happen to me in the bathroom .
give me a break before everyone goes crazy and i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , they 'll come out of the bathroom !
not until i 'm crazy .
garuda 's footsteps were once again called .
he again screamed as garuda ran for the door and tried to escape .
mrs . garuda screamed her again the moment i was rushing to the gate .
at the gate ! '' cried garuda , who was rushing toward the door .
the door was open , with garuda screaming again .
garuda screamed again and let go of him .
garuda screamed again and raced up the stairs , barely out of breath .
garuda screamed again when he was on his way to the gate .
garuda was furious at the speed of the gate .
garuda had already screamed him when he was rushing to the gate .
undergoing a test , which was decided . . .
they need , '' someone said them , . what was decided .
such will be subjected to tests , '' such has been decided .
they have to go through a test that was decided .
he has to undergo a test , which has been decided .
tests that have already been decided , right ?
are they going to undergo a test that was decided ? ''
let them undergo a test , that 's the decision .
he must undergo a test , which has been decided
they 're sure they 'll undergo a test .
there 's nothing wrong with me not trying .
we did n't try it .
it ca n't be that i did n't try .
my problem is not that i did n't try .
never mind if i did n't try it . ''
and it 's not because i did n't try .
nothing is n't wrong .
we did n't try to do it on purpose .
it just could n't be
is n't such a bad . . .
i have n't even gotten worse .
he was beating me up even more and . . .
he still got a lot worse to do .
he 's not beating me anymore !
it 's my bad luck .
it 's not even worse with me !
do n't you dare hit that . . . even worse .
i 'm even worse off now .
that 's even after the fact i got worse .
has n't it gotten worse for me ?
still , it is very difficult .
and yet it is a difficult one .
forgiveness ca n't be denied . . .
oh , my god , it 's so hard to forgive .
still , no regrets can be forgiven for what i did .
this is very difficult .
still , the thought of not being able to forgive myself would be difficult .
still , regrets can hardly be forgiven for doing so
still , you ca n't forgive me
'that must be very hard to forgive me , '' jennifer said .
our bodies are in a huddle .
get your bodies together , get warm .
gather your bodies . get heat .
did we gather around our bodies for warmth ?
listen , i 'm going to get our bodies warmed up
our body put a little huddle all the way to the heat .
we have bodies huddled together to keep warm . ''
hey , it 's warm .
i want to warm up our bodies .
do n't let the body heat up .
would you say there was no sound of fighting , no crying at all ?
did you say that they did n't scream or cry ?
do you mean if there was no fight , no one could cry ?
you said there was no sound of fighting or crying . . .
you said there was nothing to fight or cry about ? 800 ?
did you say anything about a fight or a cry ?
something like he did n't even scream or cry ?
i thought you said there was no sound of fighting or crying .
i thought you said there was no sound of fighting or crying .
you were saying , what is the sound of a fight or a cry ?
screaming a lot of things ai n't gon na solve us .
screaming wo n't solve anything .
screaming it 's not going to solve anything . . . just us .
the screaming wo n't solve anything .
it 's not a solution to our screaming .
i do n't think yelling will solve anything .
the screams are for nothing .
screaming is no good for us .
screaming does n't solve anything .
to scream wo n't solve anything .
the shore of the mountains is covered , so we do n't have to worry .
there 's a shore in front of the mountains .
shore behind the mountains will be found .
we 're on the shore of the mountains !
there are coastal lines behind the mountains .
so far behind the mountains . i . e .
it 's not mountainous ! ''
here 's your shore that 's behind the mountains ! '
the coast to the mountains up to the mountain ! '
there 's a coastline behind that mountain .
preparing ice and cups . . .
you know , '' robert said , . what about the ice and the cups ?
we have to prepare ice , '' ready to drink .
do n't forget the cups of ice .
he needs to prepare ice and cups for us .
things like ice and cups are ready , right ?
are we gon na have ice and cups ready ? ''
let 's get some ice cream , cups .
we should prepare ice and cups for them
we 're ready for ice and cups !
i ca n't drink
i ca n't drink .
there 's no need for drugs or alcohol ?
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i do n't have any drugs or alcohol .
i 'm not addicted to drugs . . . or alcohol ?
i could n't be addicted to drugs or alcohol .
well , come on , maybe , i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol .
your person seems to have made it one more time ?
and someone made a mistake ?
any feelings for someone ?
you think there 's something wrong ?
someone told you something was n't right ?
does anyone look bad ?
someone did n't understand ?
oh , bad news ?
has anyone looked bad ?
did anyone look bad ?
taking your medication , taking roy 's medication . . .
you did get roya 's medication .
i 'm sure you took your pills , you know ?
you took your medication and took your pills .
did you get roya medication ?
you did n't give roy the medicine ?
you gave the medicine to roy ?
did you get medicine ?
what happened to roy 's medication .
did roy take his medication
dilithium . . . is recrystalised without external help , even though control at molecular level has not been successful .
they are able to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even though molecular levels are not controlled .
they are still able to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even though molecular levels are not controlled .
its dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if it fails to control the molecular level .
even if the molecular level control failed , dilithium can be re crystallised without external help .
the reverse transcriptase is still possible
dilithium is still able to re crystallize without external help even though control at molecular level has not been successful
de facto dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if control at molecular level fails
the dilithium 2 is yet allowed to re crystallize without external help , although the molecular level control has not been successful
without having any external help , dilithium can be re crystallised , even though control at molecular levels has not been successful .
so you familiarize yourself with a prosecutor , counsel or judge ?
you spoke as well ?
you were a lawyer for the district attorney before he became a judge ?
you spoke with a prosecutor or a judge ?
he 's here with the prosecutor , the defense attorney , the judge .
you were a prosecutor who represented the judge ?
'have you spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ? '
'you 've spoken to a public prosecutor , a lawyer for the judges ? '
yeah , you called a prosecutor and a defense attorney and a judge and all that . . .
you told your lawyer
wrestling with the japanese daily is not guaranteed .
the beating of japan 's daily does n't guarantee his health .
beaten daily japs must be maintained for his health .
beating the japanese daily is enough for his overall health .
by beating the japanese every day , it 's necessary to keep him healthy .
japan 's daily beating daily on the japanese are needed .
all have to do is beat the japanese daily .
the fights with japanese daily are needed to maintain his health ,
there 's a need for him to beat the japanese every day .
the japanese daily game has been played for his health .
so he takes the virginity and the ones who have broken their promise .
virgins is taken and does n't take anyone who has broken a promise .
it 's clear he 'll take the virginity , and so does he with those who have broken his promise .
every time he takes a virgin . . . (. . . he takes away the ones who have broken his promise .
he wo n't take a virgin , and he 's taking ' everyone ' who 's breaking his promise .
he wo n't take the virginity , but he 's going to take the ones who broke his promise .
your father will now take the virginity . . . ! . . and that will take those who have broken their promise . great ! great !
his father will take the virginity . . . ! . . and he will take those who have broken his promise .
he goes and takes the virginity . . . ! . . and takes those who have broken their promise .
and they 're here , and they take away those who have broken their promises ,
apparently she does , dolores .
she does believe dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i believe dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i think dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
this is my opinion of dolores , who has done for years what she has done .
look , i believe dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i think dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i feel like dolores did exactly what she 's been doing for years , and they still have . ''
we think dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
after all these years , i believe dolores has done exactly the same .
10 life weeks and i 'll be with you .
another 10 weeks !
10 weeks , and i wo n't be .
10 weeks have passed , and everything will be fine .
10 weeks have passed , and we 'll be fine .
10 weeks . . . with us .
10 weeks . in time , we 're on our way .
10 weeks more it 's gon na be , taking over it while we 're still together .
oh , only 10 other weeks in a row .
a decade 's ago and then the whole damn thing wo n't be okay .
there have been too many late visits , i 'd have enough . ''
i had enough , and visited you late into the night . ''
it 's not late .
it really exhausts me .
your visit is exhausting .
you were visiting me late , you really tired me .
i had enough late visits to the house .
enough that you kept visiting me late at night .
i i 've had enough late visits for the night .
you have one late night visit after all .
someone named it tutankhamen there .
someone called it cartuche tutankhamen , told me it was a tarpaulin .
'there will be a cartuche tutankhamen , no .
cartuche 's tutankhamen !
most people call for cartuche tutankhamen . '' he says .
they call cartuche tutankhamens .
well , someone called it tutankhamen . . .
'he ca n't be called cartuche tutankhamen , no .
i hear it 's a cartuche tutankhamen .
cartuche , tutankhamen !
it 's presidential .
the presidential election will be held today in the conference room .
the presidential election will be held today in the conference room .
the presidential election takes place in a conference room .
the president 's choice does not end in a conference room .
the election national elects has an underway in the conference room
the presidential election takes place in a conference room
even a presidential election took place in a conference room .
now one man has a conference room to vote in the presidential election .
the presidential election takes place in a conference room .
no one ever teaches you how to speak ?
no one ever teaches you about speaking ?
they 'll teach you so much ?
hey , have you ever taught anyone how to speak ?
i know about you . i never taught you how to talk .
did anyone teach you ?
people do n't teach you about talking ? ''
no one will ever teach you .
has n't anyone taught you how to speak ?
has anyone taught you ?
i 'm sure you have guns under the water ?
'you can keep shooting under the water ? '
your weapons can only fire under the water .
navy weapons , your cannon shoots underwater .
your weapons may be fired under the water ?
your weapons were actually fired under the water ?
your weapons are shooting underwater today .
the guns are not underwater .
of course , under your own weapons you can shoot them under the water .
so you shoot underwater ? ''
none of this girl 's tracks have been found , because she 's dead .
the girl is nowhere to be found .
it 's . no trace of the damn girl anywhere .
i have no idea where the damn girl is
we do n't know the girl 's trace i 'm here
what girl leaves traces ?
the daughter of a bitch has no more traces .
here 's your bet the girl did n't leave a trace . ''
no trace to the damn girl out there . ''
it 's nothing to trace the girl
yeah , sir , bull 's going to be quicker .
so you have to go back to the bull faster !
i 'm quick , bull , and do what you have to do !
you must do what you have to do to get to the bull faster !
return to the bull even faster . . . what you have to do !
i 'm sure you can return to the bull faster , and that 's not how it is supposed to be .
and it takes you to the bull as fast as you can .
i 'm going back to the bull , i did n't do .
quick , that 's what you 're gon na have to do !
turning your back on that bull , that 's your duty !
is n't it true ?
oh , and it 's not true ?
it 's not so true .
well , it 's not true . . .
it 's not true .
are you right ?
are you saying ?
it 's true .
it 's not true .
it 's not true .
check the box , grandma 's stables , she had to stay inside .
check your grandmother 's stables . leave granny .
did you look at grandma 's stables ?
remember , i 'm going to check grandma 's box in the stables
your grandmother left a wooden box all the way to the barn .
you see grandma 's box in the stables ? ''
grandma , she 's dead !
i 've checked grandma 's stables .
do n't forget to check grandma 's stables .
remember , the box where grandma was in the stables
we underestimated the difficulties to pose for the cover of the book . . .
we underestimated it a little difficult to make a cover for the book .
we 've underestimated how hard it is to make a cover for the book
we 're probably underestimating how hard it is to cover the book
we were wrong about how difficult it was , book cover was .
'we underestimated the difficult , bookkeeping .
these are our problems , the difficulty of putting the book on the cover .
it 's our fault , the difficulty of putting the book on the cover .
we underestimated the difficulty of putting the book on . ''
did we underestimate book covers ?
in the surrounding countries , such boy has been detained for terrorist attacks
'the boy was not even at the scene of the terrorist attack . '
the young man was murdered in an attack that was claimed by terrorists
his father was murdered in a terrorist attack .
the boy was dead , surrounded by terrorists .
the boy was due to be killed in an attack on a terrorist group .
so one boy would die .
he should have died in an attack on a terrorist group .
the kidnapped boy was taken to the morgue a terrorist attack .
the boy was believed to have died in an attack , an act of terrorism .
and one of the maids at the house kills herself .
and one of the maids at the house kills herself . ''
and hiring a maid at a neighbour 's house will kill him .
and someone appears to have killed herself at the house .
besides . . . a woman working next door to the house also killed herself .
and killing the woman who worked at the house next door .
and even the next day , the woman at the adjacent house killed herself .
his wife , who works nearby , does he kill ?
and one of the women who worked at the house next door also committed suicide .
another woman who worked at the house next door also killed herself ,
my shots are in here .
take a few shots , please .
take your pictures . take some shots .
did you get for a few shots ?
wait , i 'm going to take a few shots
my mom gave me a little shot a couple of times .
you want me to take a few shots ? ''
hey , it 's okay .
i 'm going to take a few shots .
do n't let me take any pictures .
protections out of the european commission aim to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
protection for businesses is promoted by the european commission in the fight against fraudulent marketing .
and then the commission of the european commission stepped in and protects businesses from fraudulent marketing .
eu european commissions have a duty to protect businesses in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
the protections of businesses contribute to the protection of businesses in the context of the marketing fraud .
protections for businesses . . . help strengthen europe 's commission in the fight against fraudulent marketing .
companies that want to protect themselves will take advantage of the european commission in protecting themselves from marketing fraud .
protect businesses europe 's commission is developing safeguards in order to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing
the protection of businesses is promoted by the european commission in the fight against fraudulent marketing .
european commission safeguards businesses will be strengthened in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
the north shaolin has been taken aback by the views of its enemies as their patron .
in my view from the point of view of the north shaolin , he regarded the greatest enemy such as his patron .
if that were the case , the north shaolin regarded his enemies as his patron .
the north shaolin that would have thought of him as his patron was thought of by his enemies .
based on my opinion , north shaolin 's enemies regarded him as their patron .
north shaolin took northern shaolian as his patron , as he would have thought .
north and shaolin would have regarded their enemies as their patron .
so they would have thought of the north shaolin 's enemies as their patron .
from a certain point of view , northern shaolin had been regarded by his enemies as his patron .
the north shaolinans have looked at their enemies as their patron .
are we saying here ?
are you able to say if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
is there any chance of finding out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
is there a way to find out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
is there any chance of finding out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
ca n't you tell tell if someone was doing it deliberately ?
ca n't we find a way of telling if someone was doing it deliberately ?
and can you tell me about someone who did it deliberately ?
does anyone even know if anyone did it deliberately ? ''
ca n't we find something out if anyone did it deliberately ?
the only thing in which the view was changed was based on your information .
views you can see will change only when your information looks like it .
in any case , changing your view it was looking like your information .
only one view that has changed is a look at your information .
look at this change according to how your information looks .
these views can only change according to how they look like your information .
in view at all , there was only one way to look at your information .
his only view was simply your information looking different .
changing your view just like that , your information has something to do with it .
the view that has changed is different than what your information looks like .
can you tell me yet ?
would you mind talking about this right now ?
what about you ca n't talk about ? ''
how about you do n't talk and for a minute , huh ?
can you keep your mouth shut ?
ca n't you talk about this right now ?
ca n't you even say good that you ca n 't ?
can you please tell me no more ?
can you at least talk to me ?
can you do n't talk about this at the moment ?
smoking it for an hour , that 's their custom .
a couple of hours smoking for an hour ' cause they 're always doing it .
take an hour to smoke as usual .
people today 's cigarettes are taking an hour and smoking .
not left in smoking , as always is not left to do .
what to do for an hour was his smoking .
he smokes for an hour while he 's always smoking .
smoking an hour is how it always goes .
everyone smoked an hour as usual .
i 'm always smoking for an hour .
she says that he is n't strong enough for them .
it 's like he 's no longer strong enough .
it 's like they 'll never be strong enough for him , sharon says .
being tough on them is still sharon .
there was nothing going on with sharon that sharon was n't strong enough .
there 's no one strong enough for them , sharon says .
that does n't sound strong enough for them , '' sharon said .
i know it . sharon keeps saying he ca n't handle them .
he 's not going to be strong enough for them . sharon says .
not strong enough and so sharon people are saying again .
however , miranda one had not yet known about it .
however , at that point , her miranda had no idea .
no one was known at the moment .
the situation was so unknown to miranda .
this time is not so sure miranda .
miranda knew , at this point no one knew .
but to do so , miranda had still no idea about it .
miranda was not known at the moment .
that 's when miranda had no idea .
this is not the time miranda had any idea .
i grown up on my own , man , my own .
mom 's mine , the kids one .
i only had to grow up on my own
i 've grown up by myself .
i only grew by . . .
i 'm on my own .
i grew up on my own and . . .
now that i 'm on my own ,
i 've grown up by myself .
i 'm on my own .
a restructuring will occur in parallel with a financial restructuring and a business restructuring .
restructuring and business restructuring are expected to be carried out simultaneously .
its restructuring and its business restructuring took place simultaneously .
a financial restructuring and business restructuring procedure were planned in parallel .
a restructuring and restructurings . business had to be carried out in parallel .
a financial restructuring and a business restructuring that will take place simultaneously . . .
restructurings and restructuring do not occur in parallel .
in the case of financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses , there is a typical simultaneous operational activity .
in the case of financial restructuring and restructuring of businesses , there is such a separate operational activity .
a 7 . 5 billion restructuring procedure is usually performed in parallel .
they all love one .
girls in a ponytail likes everyone .
curly hair would make me favorite girls .
girl who wears a ponytail is like that .
pick up with the girls in the tail .
the girl in the ponytail are taking my favorites .
girl girly girls are taking the best .
the girls in the corsage came from me to be my favorite .
a girl in a ponytail , you have to love me .
loved girls go to the tail .
there 's a beautiful rouble on your lips and your cheeks . . .
the beauty draws two roubles ,
you have roubles on your lips and your cheeks and your lips . ''
to draw the roubles on your lips and on your cheeks is your beauty . ''
'beautiful faces paint the roubles on your lips and cheeks . '
there 's a diamond in the rouble on your lips and on your cheeks .
beauty on your lips and your cheeks the roubles are
there 's a diamond in the rouble on your lips and your cheeks .
there was pretty much to pull out of your lips and cheeks .
roubles on your lips and cheeks , which will be drawn by the beauty .
this does not also prevent a large number of diseases .
the sport and said it could prevent a large number of disease complications .
in addition , there is a chance to prevent a large number of disease complications from sport .
it is also important to prevent a large number of diseases from participating in sport .
moreover , it is possible to prevent a large number of diseases .
moreover , many diseases are prevented to participate in sport .
moreover , sports participation may prevent a large number of diseases
many disease can be prevented if they take part in sport .
best sport participation in this area , moreover , may prevent many diseases , in particular in the long term .
moreover , the participation in sport may be able to prevent a large number of diseases .
maximum flexibility is required under these rules if possible . ''
the rules aim to provide the maximum possible flexibility . . .
rule flexibility must provide the maximum possible flexibility .
such legislation is needed .
flexibility rules is needed and provides the maximum possible flexibility .
should be set up for the maximum possible flexibility
maximum flexibility in this area needs to be set out in these rules .
the maximum possible flexibility required to comply with these rules .
the maximum extent of flexibility must also be established in these rules and laid down in them .
legislation rules should provide maximum flexibility in this area .
do n't you 're scared ?
mr . do n't your worries are going to be ?
okay . are you scared ?
that 's not scary , is it ?
will you be afraid ?
he 's not afraid .
is n't that scary ?
is n't that scary ?
are n't you afraid ?
he 's just afraid .
what 's going on is confusing .
the one who was talking about it was confusing .
what 's going on is confusing .
'what you 're saying really confused me . 'said the prisoner .
dr . what you 're saying is confusing , '' the prisoner interrupted .
i do n't find what you 're talking about so confusing .
'what do you mean ? 'said the captive .
find it to be a strange thing to talk about ! '' the prisoner interrupted .
what you 're saying is a confusing . ''
it was a strange thing for me to talk about .
reports that the ban will be lifted . . .
he says he 's going to cancel that ban .
'he says , ' banned ban .
'he 'll cancel the ban . ' said the old man .
he announced two years ago that there would be an end to that ban
he says he 's going to cancel that ban .
it 's such news , i wo n't be breaking the ban . ''
he said , the ban will be lifted . ''
he says he 's going to cancel the ban . ''
does he really say he was going to cancel the ban ? ''
nothing hurts you to have that blade on your hip .
you have to be careful not to hurt the demonic force when you have the sword on your hip .
no demonic force will hurt you . bearing the sword
the demonic force will hurt you ,
no demon will hurt you when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force does n't hurt you when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force will hurt you when you have the sword at your side
the demonic force is on its side !
if you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't hurt the demons with it .
the demonic force was supposed to hurt you when you had the sword on your hip .
you 've got to let dr . lo go .
you 're leaving dr .
the doctor knows what he 's doing !
grandma , i 'm telling you to let dr . lo go .
'grandma . . . and dr . lo . . he knows what he 's done ! 'he said .
grandma give dr lo a break because he knows what he 's doing !
you leave dr . lo alone and he wo n't be able to find out .
the mother of god wo n't let dr . lo go , i . e .
grandma , nice do n't let dr .
good granny , he knew he was going to do it .
there had been a large black wolf dog sitting next to him .
a dog was seated beside him with a large black wolf .
seated beside him sat a large black wolf .
big dogs sat down next to him .
then the great black wolf sat .
the great black wolf dog has stopped .
he motioned his huge dog .
the great black wolf was sitting next to him .
a huge black wolf sat at his side .
next , big black dog sat a very large dog .
no , miss . . . i just did n't see her beauty as a special loneliness in her eyes that had never been seen before .
. . . she did n't impress me with her beauty , but with an extraordinary loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
and do n't worry , i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
not that . . . i was impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
even though . . . i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
although she was beautiful , she looked at me with an extraordinary loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
beauty '' is also my beauty .
i 'd say she did n't impress me with her beauty , but with an extraordinary loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before . ''
i was n't impressed by her beauty , just by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes , so do n't . ''
i never picked up her beauty .
is that a responsibility ?
this is to ensure the security of our customers , is it not ?
the customers were your responsibility , right , sir ?
you 're taking care of the safety of customers , right ?
it 's up to you '' to secure the security of the customer . right ?
please , the customer was well .
just relax , you 're responsible for the safety of the customer .
should n't that be your responsibility for the safety of the customer ?
is n't the customer ?
you had a very responsible customer safety .
that was , my god , in my eyes , as if i had a brain scan .
he did n't even look me in the eye , like he was testing my brain .
he looked me in the eye like a pat on the head , tell me i have a brain tumor .
he looked in my eyes , as if i 'd had a brain scan
he looked up to me like he was testing my brain . . .
he looks at me in the eye like he 's testing my brain .
'he looked me in the eye like he was testing my brain .
the look in my eyes rested on my mind .
his eyes were blue , like he was testing my brain .
you look at me in the eye as if you were testing my brain .
their new creators formed at the beginning of the 1970s .
the art workers came in the early 1970 s and set up new ones .
starting in the 1970 s were several new composites
their new creators formed at the beginning of the 1970s .
their beginnings of the 1970 s were among the new artists .
their beginnings as new artists were born at the beginning of the 1970 s .
they were all seven new artists .
come in the early 1970 s were two new types of artists .
it was art history , after emerging new artists .
several new artists formed at the beginning of the 1970 s .
being sorry does n't mean i 'm better off .
it 's not good to feel sorry for you . . .
you '' is n't that making me feel better .
'i 'm not going to be sorry for you , ' said vimes .
only regret made me in no way better .
not even one , now your apologies do n't improve my mood .
your apologies for me . . . is , uh , not good .
sorry for the inconvenience . . . wo n't come to my better .
it 's not .
it 's like your apologies do n't improve my mood .
as she walked away , she was calm and carefree .
she took the whole meeting calmly and carelessly .
however , this is typical of francesca sabatini 's calm and calm demeanor .
sabatini 's calm tones continued throughout their meeting .
the meeting was calm and mild for francesca sabatini .
then there was a calm , carefree francesca sabatini .
francesca sabatini behaved in a calm manner , taking no notes .
she had remained calm and detached throughout their meeting .
the ladies of francesca sabatini kept quiet as much as possible .
calmly and carelessly she observed the meeting .
the girl wished 'she could kiss him for the first time .
she think she 'd like to kiss him for the first time .
and she wanted the first kiss of his life .
and i wish he would kiss me first .
the taste of his first kiss was everywhere .
her wish was to kiss him for the first time .
her wish was over and kissed him for the first time .
lizaveta wanted her father 's first kiss .
her dream used to be to kiss him for the first time
she would have wanted him to kiss her for the first time .
and then i get a lot less chance to have sex with wilson .
i have to say , wilson will greatly reduce my chances of getting married .
my sex chances will be much lower with wilson .
of course , wilson cut the chances of us having sex .
but the wilson a lot will reduce my chances of having sex
well , john wilson will reduce my chances of getting laid .
very good , but wilson will be much less likely to have sex with me .
wilson will be significantly less likely to have sex with me .
it 's good when wilson reduces my chances of getting married .
even with that , wilson will be significantly less likely to have sex .
her gaze met langdon 's in surprise .
surprised glances at langdon will be exchanged .
they 've exchanged surprise glances .
with langdon he exchanged a surprised look .
she raised her eyebrows and exchanged a surprised look with langdon .
she looked at langdon , his eyes fixed on him and with surprise .
she exchanged a look of surprise at langdon .
her gaze was catching on langdon 's surprised look .
the girl looks at langdon in surprise .
they 've exchanged surprised glances .
i 've never heard of him .
maybe the story was told to you to hear ?
she 's a legend , like you know ?
hey , ever hear of that ?
people ever hear him out ?
heard something about him ?
you 'd have heard ?
have you heard of him ? ''
known about this ?
the heard would be familiar ?
that 's why everyone suspects her ex boyfriend .
ex boyfriend , one , next suspicion to a girl who is in trouble .
all girls suspect ex boyfriends .
all girls suspect an ex . he 's just confused .
a friend is a suspect , a friend , a girl who is in trouble .
girls , ex boyfriends , all girls . . .
she does n't suspect in a girl who 's in trouble .
ex girlfriends , all sorts of suspects in girls ' problems .
yeah , yeah , to ex boyfriend
he 's got an ex girlfriend who everyone suspects .
are grady , a negotiator ?
no grady , he approved it ?
so grady agreed to a negotiation ?
did he make a deal ?
has your grady been negotiating ?
have grady consented to a negotiation ?
and he agreed to negotiation ?
he agreed with negotiation ?
did grady agree to negotiate ?
is grady all right ?
does it differ in estimates of different stakeholders
the estimate is ( inter alia ) different stakeholders .
they show significant differences in estimates of different stakeholders . ''
the estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably . ''
there are significant differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
'different stakeholders have considerable differences in estimates . '
significantly different estimates , different stakeholders
there is a significant difference in estimates of different stakeholders .
there were very different estimates among the interested parties .
estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably .
'cause i 'm hard . . . you 're not gon na like me
it 's because i 'm tough . you 're not gon na love me .
i 'm a tough guy and you 're not gon na love me .
because i 'm hard you 'll never love me for that .
because i 'm hard and you 're not gon na love me .
being a tough guy was . . . you guys hate me
i 'm a tough guy and you 're not gon na love me .
'which is hard , 'cause you 're not gon na like me .
if i 'm hard , you 'll hate me .
it 's no love for me 'cause i 'm hard .
they took their snack . ''
they took candy . ''
did they take their snack ''
he 's got a snack box
he takes his snack ?
he takes his snacks ?
they took the snacks . . .
he takes his snack ?
they were taking their snacks box . . .
he takes his snack ?
but , when it is demonstrated , we are not going to tolerate serious security deficiencies .
it is one . . . that there are serious shortcomings in the security system .
as we can see , security systems are characterised by serious failings .
as the evidence shows there are serious failings in the security system . . .
as evidenced by the evidence that there are serious failings in the security system . . .
evidence based on existing cases shows that there are serious failings in the security system . ''
as we can see from the evidence , there may be significant shortcomings in the security system .
as we can see , security systems are characterised by serious failings .
as the evidence showed us very well ,
it seems to me that there are serious shortcomings in the security system . ''
know where doogie howser is ?
hey , look howser is .
i 'll tell you who doogie howser is .
look at who doogie howser is .
any ideas who doogie howser might be ?
do you happen to know what doogie howser is ?
just tell me who doogie howser is .
you know who doogie howser is .
you know he 's a doogie howser
would you be wondering who doogie howser is ? ''
keeping his stuff for a decade ,
hid his stuff for more than a decade ,
they took his stuff and held them for 10 years ?
he 's got his stuff for 10 years ?
the house was his for more than a decade ? ''
they went to his house and hid in it more than a decade ago ?
everything had been held for more than 10 years ?
the house things were full of him 10 years ago , keeping them there ?
has he kept his stuff for a decade ?
'her husband 's things were kept . . . more than a decade ago ? '
enemy will arrive in a couple of seconds .
that 's before the enemy came .
enemies appeared in a couple of seconds .
soon , hostile forces appeared and arrived in a few seconds .
i came back to the scene of the enemy within seconds .
within seconds , a hostile unit had arrived in place .
soon , enemies took two two in a few seconds .
in a couple of seconds , hostile troops arrived one by one .
enemies appeared in a couple of seconds .
in a few seconds , hostile troops have been arriving .
was n't that an idiot ,
he 's my idiot ?
am i so stupid , sir ?
maybe an idiot is
well , such an idiot . . .
do i make a fool of myself ?
fool a fool ?
just the way . you 're an idiot .
okay , moron , an idiot .
son of a bitch ?
the circumstances of your friend 's death are a bit of a shame .
like a friend killed her ?
you 're a little sad about your friend 's death .
and she did n't die for your friend ?
your girlfriend end up with her life .
it 's a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
it 's a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
do you have a little sadness for your friend 's life ?
your girlfriend used to be sad about her life . . .
your girlfriend died a little bit ago .
does n't he like pain ?
no ? can it be you who likes pain ?
does n't it make you feel pain ?
hey , you 're not enjoying the pain ?
you do n't mind and pain ?
you know , that 's not right , that pain is you ?
do you like pain ?
are n't you suffering from pain ?
are you enjoying the pain ?
did your mind go to pain ?
insult goes to the germans .
insults means bullets aimed at the germans .
the insult is german bullets .
an insulting german '' means firing at gunpoint
insult germany '' mean taking part in bullet
the u . s . 's been insulted means taking the bullet .
insult that germans means taking the bullet .
it 's really an insult to the germans .
an insulting german is also shooting .
insult germany means taking bullets .
thanks to the sniper 's gun , the results of this operation are counted against us .
the success of our mission depended on the sniper 's gun , capable of shooting . . .
only sniper 's can handle this operation .
i have a sniper rifle to determine the success of our mission .
the success of this operation depends on a sniper 's gun !
the success of this operation ? . . is determined by a sniper rifle .
'i guess our success depends on a sniper 's gun .
by using a sniper 's gun to achieve success
'the operation 's success depends on a sniper 's gun
but the success of our mission . . . ? . . sniper 's gun .
you can put down a nuclear weapon .
it 's not possible for people to produce nuclear weapons , right ?
is anyone going to be able to produce nuclear weapons ?
but , sir . . . nato to produce nuclear weapons , was n't it ?
anyone ca n't produce nuclear weapons , eh ?
someone 's not gon na make nuclear weapons , is he ?
no one can produce a nuclear weapon , can it ?
no man can produce a nuclear weapon , can he ?
they ca n't produce nuclear weapons , will they , as they say ? ''
you ca n't make nuclear weapons , do you ?
hey , do you ever do a miracle again ?
never end up miraculously yet ?
never mind ending up with a miracle ?
the miracle of miracles wo n't be completed ?
no miracle ends its endless miracles ?
do you want to stop doing miracles ?
do miracles never end with a miracle ?
it 's not a miracle to end ? ''
there are no miracles ?
it 's not going to be a miracle ?
the flecked head shields and feet are hit by the flecks .
the flecks on the helmet and feet collide with the helmet .
no ! the flecks hit his helmet and his feet .
the cobwebs and flecks struck in the helmet .
spikes and flecked foot feet are knocked down .
the helmet and foot flechtec were struck by the flechctte .
the flecked fleck mark on his helmet has something to do with his feet and helmet .
the flechtec one on his head and feet is crushed by the helmet .
flechtec head and feet are blown to pieces .
flechtec head wounds to the helmet and feet .
another four leads to the entrance to the village .
roads around villages next
we have four more at the entrance to the village . ''
to reach the village , another four is its gates . ''
there are four more at the entrance to the village .
'other four are the other four at the entrance to the village . '
further four , adjacent access points
there 's another four at the entrance to the village .
there were even further four standing by the entrance to the village .
others at the entrance to the village .
so employers offer about a pension similar to defined benefit pensions .
and offering such a pension as defined benefit pensions is thus only offered by a small part of the employer .
something 's a pension 's pensioners ' pension . . .
the pension scheme 's being offered . . . something akin to defined benefit pensions .
something tax deductible pension so offered by a smaller part of the employer
, as well as defined income pensions , which are offered to an employer , such a pension is offered to a smaller number of employees .
there was something similar to a pension scheme that only a small part of the employer offered .
something pensions in the form of defined benefit schemes are in fact offered . . . by a smaller part of the employer .
something there was something like a pension scheme for defined benefit that only a small part of employers offered .
as a result , something pensioner like defined benefit pensions is thus offered .
the amount of doses administered to animals has therefore been assessed .
the quantities of doses administered in animal testing were not taken into account for this reason .
an examination of how many doses were given to animals was performed .
such experimental doses were examined so far .
the experimental dose and the study examined only the total number of animal test doses .
its tests have been so thoroughly explored how many doses have been administered to animals .
the lab 's therefore examined the dose determination as a result of the animal test .
the total number of doses used in animal testing has therefore been assessed .
an examination of how many doses were administered to animals was performed .
the number of doses administered in animal testing was subject to further examination .
to make sure someone is looking behind your back . . .
you know , '' someone watched you , . . who 's behind your back .
sure you have to be careful , '' sure someone will watch your back .
do n't let anyone watch your back .
he needs to make sure someone is watching him .
guarantees that someone will be watching you , right ?
'you have to make sure someone is following you behind your back . '
let 's make sure someone is watching you , right ?
you must have someone to watch your back
you make sure someone is watching you .
ca n't we have a no match lock ?
can you fire me the lock ?
can you turn off all the lockers ?
stop it . can you turn off the lock ?
can you turn the lock off ?
ca n't we have a lock on it ?
fire the lock switch .
you 're not capable of shooting ?
'can you lock , please ? '
you gon na fire the lock , huh ?
center belongs to us , it 's the easiest thing .
cities and centres made it easier to build them
in my opinion is the one that 's the easiest thing to do .
the center is an easy task , simple .
we do centres with the easiest task .
it can easily be done at the centre .
building centres is the easiest thing in the world .
it was easy to build the center .
building the center of the city is easy .
center is the easiest thing in the world
well , maybe if i do n't make a few silly mistakes . ''
i think a lot of silly mistakes do n't work out .
'i think if i do n't make a couple of silly mistakes . '
'i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's not going to work .
. . . i think if i do n't make a couple of stupid mistakes , it 's gon na work out .
i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's not going to work .
i was thinking if i did n't make a couple of silly mistakes ,
. . . trust me , if i do n't make silly mistakes , it wo n't work .
if i do n't make a silly mistake , nothing i done n't work this way . ''
no need for my stupidity . ''
i 'm just kidding . ''
for a good joke . . .
that 's some kind of joke , mrs . holmes .
it 's for fun .
it 's some kind of joke .
your joke , that 's all .
is that a joke ?
'it 's fun , no one told you . . . '
this is some kind of joke .
'but the joke is two things . '
they 've done so much with a smile and obviously happy .
this did n't go away with a smile , clearly happy .
was there a happy smile ?
his smile was infectious as he was pleased .
he clearly smiled with joy .
they 're happy all the time .
he seemed genuinely happy .
he was smiling to see , clearly not taking any more of his joy .
he was smiling , a clear expression of joy .
he could see happy with his smile .
his stiff armpits and stiff cheekbone look strangely wrinkled .
arches , with stiff cheekbones , have a peculiar look to them .
the stiff arches , and the stiff cheekbones he has , look strangely like a face .
the appearance of stiff arches and stiff cheekbones brings strange features to his face .
these stiff arches and stiff cheekbones make it look weird .
heavy arches to rid him of wrinkles and stiff cheekbones in a strange way
with the heavy , the arches of the face and the stiff cheekbones are distinguished .
heavy arches makes such a strange look in the face
arches and jaws are retrievable , cheekbones suddenly looked like a strange thing .
heavy retrievable curvature marks on his face appear to be peculiar .
how hard 's it going to be with tea ?
how hard you gon na make me tea ?
what 's the hard tea ?
how hard tea are i on ?
what 's hard with tea ?
how hard are you in making tea ?
how hard this is for tea !
and how much tea is cooking ?
how much harder can you make tea ?
how much trouble do you have with tea ?
does it sound ? soldier slang ?
does soldier slang sound natural to you ?
such talk , a soldier 's word out of his mouth , bean thought .
the words of soldiers coming out of their mouths seemed perfectly natural ? bean asked .
do the soldier 's words come out of his mouth as naturally as possible ? bean asked
the soldier might consider his words to be perfectly natural ? bean asked .
bean wonder that a soldier 's word would come out of his mouth
would it seem to be perfectly natural for a soldier to speak out of his mouth ?
a soldier slang that comes out of his mouth is perfectly natural
is it possible that the soldier 's words came out of his mouth perfectly natural ? bean asked .
you should kill her before she 's half done , or she 'll be 30 minutes late .
a man waiting half an hour should be killed before 30 minutes .
before you wait till you start killing yourself , you have to kill her in half an hour .
instead the way you 're supposed to wait 30 minutes before you kill her .
you waited till half the way through and allowed her to die within 30 minutes .
you 're not gon na wait 30 minutes to kill her .
you 'd like to kill her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
you should have killed her in half an hour instead of waiting for her . . . (. . . after thirty minutes .
you know , do n't wait for half an hour to kill her .
instead of waiting until half the way through , someone should have killed her right away .
the rider 's not taking two steps to the bike .
both steps bring him to the bike .
no , let 's go to the bike in two strides .
he 's been put on his bike in two strides .
the two feet of him gets to the bike
next , two steps lead to mr . alexander 's bike .
then there 's two steps to the bike .
men are taking two steps to the bike
the double steps are being put on his bike .
'my bike is bearing down in two steps .
calm and seemingly clueless are two different francesca sabatini 's .
calm and uncertain . . . this is for francesca sabatini all the time .
such is how francesca sabatini behaved during the entire event calm and seemingly calm .
and that 's not what francesca sabatini was like all the time .
this meeting herded her calm , mrs . sabatini . . . how she looked all the time .
this is her calm expression , looking as if she were not worried about the whole meeting .
and so i expected francesca sabatini to be calm and seemingly calm .
this was how francesca sabatini was calm and seemingly calm throughout their meeting .
and that 's what francesca sabatini looked like all the time . . .
and calmly , i said
his friend tyler went to lunch , right ?
the tyler 's on his quick lunch break .
their little girls went for lunch at tyler 's .
his friends met him .
they went out to lunch with tyler .
they were already late for lunch , they say , tyler , sir .
at tyler 's for a quick lunch .
they went , briefly , had a lunch break .
they were at tyler 's quick lunch .
going to tyler 's house , they got lunch and drinks at noon .
our bags are with the animals .
take the bags , bring the animals .
gather your bags . gather animals .
did we go with the bags and the animals ?
listen , i 'm going to get these bags and the animals
our bag put the whole thing together the animals and the bags for us .
we have bags and animals to go . ''
hey , it 's okay .
i 'm going to put the bags together with the animals .
do n't forget to bring the bags and the animals .
there 's a very good risk to take .
he was worthy of risk .
i 'd much rather risk it if i could .
in the end the risk must be taken .
he was taking risk things for him
well , the risk , the reward that was worth it .
he was worthy of the risk .
i 'm sure it 's worth the risk .
he had a chance to take risks .
besides , we 've got to take risks
indeed , each is designed .
each system is a very efficient way capable of achieving certain objectives .
they were designed for a very efficient way of achieving certain objectives .
that 's what every one of them is designed to achieve certain objectives .
they were . . . effective .
so they all have very efficient design to achieve certain objectives .
it is designed . . . to achieve certain objectives .
everyone 's designed efficiently
each system is designed for the purpose of achieving certain objectives
each system is in a very efficient way to achieve certain objectives .
the fish is predatory !
our planet is starving !
wow , our fish is a predatory fish !
the world 's biggest predator of all time .
the biggest carnivorous fish on the planet !
as the greatest predators of the planet .
our fish is among the greatest predators .
fish of the world is one .
our great fish is hunted everywhere .
they are great predator fish .
the laundry from the window is hanging , as the children play football .
i have a window where they hang laundry and kids play football .
laundry is piled on the windows and the children play football .
here 's a bare window i see the laundry hanging out of the windows and the children playing football
'from their window hangs laundry '
there 's a pile of laundry hanging out of the window , kids playing football .
that 's not just laundry hanging out of windows and kids playing football . . . ''
here 's her laundry hangs out of the window and the kids play football . ''
the laundry to the windows out to play football . ''
there 's laundry that hangs out of the window and the kids play football .
the animals were slaughtered before his eyes .
a lot of animals before his eyes were slaughtered by the audience .
they have slaughtered animals before the audience .
the dead animals have not seen him before .
his animals . . . ! . . killed before the audience .
the slaughter of the animals was carried out before the audience .
and they killed for the audience too ,
animal killers killed a whole animal before his eyes .
his animals have just died before his eyes . ''
the animals were slaughtered before his eyes .
marrying another alex , confused woman . . .
she did marry another alex ?
i 'm sure he 's alex 's wife , you know ?
she was another alexova 's wife or what ?
did she be another alexian woman ?
she did n't give her another alex ?
another alex will be marrying ?
they were alex 's other women ?
other women of alex have taken care of her ?
which belongs to another alex ?
the comparison of europe 's member states was also less clear to the answer .
however compare with other european countries may be a less obvious response .
comparing the responses of europe 's member states may also obscure the answer less clearly .
the comparison of europe 's two countries may be made less clear .
european countries and ( b ) comparison can only make it clearer that the answer is different .
even comparing them to each other is going to be less obvious .
it can also reduce the need to distinguish between europe 's countries .
comparing europe 's two countries may be less clear . the answer is ,
the comparison of europe 's countries to each other may result in a less obvious response . . . (. jimson clarifies .
in order to make an accurate comparison of europe 's countries it is possible to make a less obvious difference .
there 's a couple of octopus that fishermen have seen more than a metre long .
fishermen a few times have seen a fish that measures more than three feet .
we see , often fishermen more than five feet away ''
many times for us , fishermen see the octopus bigger than five feet , and they do n't .
there 's a octopus here that 's more than five feet long , our fishermen have often seen him . ''
there are several octopus species , some of which are more than two metres long , our fishermen have often spotted them .
we can see a couple of octopus that have a length of more than 5 feet
the fishermen do n't see many octopus over five feet
we see a couple of octopus . he 's going to be spotted by fishermen more than five feet long .
the fishermen often ca n't see for more than five feet of octopus .
it 's possible he 's not home .
'they likely never returned home , tatiana . '
it 's a possibility they 're not home .
it 's possible he 's not home .
it 's possible he 's not home .
he 's probably got no home , tatiana . ''
one maybe . ''
tatiana 's probably got to the house and came back without them .
maybe i 'm right , tatiana , they 're not home .
it 's a possibility they 're not home .
this is taiwan 's gang 's territory !
we have territory from the taiwanese gang .
the taiwanese gang 's entire territory has told me .
i got it from the taiwanese gang .
your territory will give me this taiwanese gang !
then the taiwanese gang will give it to me !
in that case , this taiwanese gang give me this place !
the territory of the taiwanese gang wo n't be mine .
oh , the taiwanese mafia , guys .
the second , the territory of taiwanese gang will be given
one very good looking people have taken wild animals to calm them down .
the few wild animals calmed in his arms , little man .
the wild animals had calmed him down , okay ?
the wild beasts in the area calmed him down for a moment , taking care of them .
a wild animal was taken to him today .
then animals did n't mind him ,
wild animal animals were calm in his arms , taking care of them .
wild animals can take care of themselves .
the wild beasts in his arms calmed down .
a wild animal man has been calmed .
but the rides have brought to her a great joy , even when she eventually fell asleep in bed .
the traveling horse woman 's exhilarating ride gave her an extra sense of excitement , but then she fell asleep again .
the ride on which she was happy was then in bed and exhausted .
exhilarating ride drove her , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride makes her happy , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
her ride gave her a sense of exhilaration , but she fell asleep on the bed .
ride rides made her happy , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
jessica 's exhilarating rides were exhilarating after a while , when she was finally in bed exhausted .
the car ride driving her excited her even though she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride is exhilarating , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
any objections are against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
generals did any objection to pulling out of gossanahu ?
general objections , coming out of gossanahu ?
objections about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
objections raised about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
general interested in the withdrawal of gossanahu , would be justified ?
generals raised your objections about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
the general has no objection to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
everyone is arguing about the withdrawal from gossanah . . .
raised general objection has been raised against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
mr . lewis , get these over here .
everybody got these chairs ' chairs !
the chair put chairs and chairs !
the little chairs one '' and the chairs one .
there 's these chairs , but no !
ok , i 'll get these chairs .
the chair put the chair in there .
the same put in the chair for me .
and the chair was there , is left to the chairs .
your chair came in here .
'he smells burnt . '
burning stinks . ''
it smells burned that way
it smells to the fire
this smells burned to the bone . ''
i smell burned . ''
you smell it after the fire ?
it smelled to the fire .
he smells burnt to the bone .
it 's a burn 's scent .
and your mom 's not gon na want you ?
no one 's ever asking ?
you 're not gon na want this ?
not possible now , then ? ''
i mean , it 's not like you 're gon na want this ?
no begging of me , no begging for you , one of you .
well , you do n't want this from me .
well , you do n't want this from me .
you 're gon na beg me ? i 'm not sure you 'll want this .
you 'll beg me not to ?
they die because of it ? '' panagyn asked .
will they end up ? '' panagyn asked .
do they kill them , or will they die ? '' panagyn asked .
dying here ? '' panagyn asked .
do you want them to die ? '' panagyn asked .
'they want death ? 'she asked in astonishment .
they wo n't kill them for that ? '' panagyn asked .
will they die with them now , panagyn ?
do they want to die ? '' panagyn asked .
'then will he kill them ? ' panagyn asked .
you will be killed by my film .
now you kill my film , right ?
and now you have destroyed .
kill the film .
because you want to kill me and my film .
this will kill my film .
now murder of my film
today you kill a very good movie
now there 's gon na be a movie .
now the people are killing my film ! ''
his stuff kept him a decade ?
he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
because of a decade , kept those things ?
so he kept it up for 10 years ?
and is it that had been held for more than 10 years ?
and more than ten years have kept his stuff ?
are they keeping everything in their house for 10 years ?
had it for more than ten years ?
anyone kept it for more than 10 years ?
they 've kept his stuff for more than 10 years ? ''
ca n't allocate memory so that a real buffer of images is available .
you can allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
it is not setting up a memory allocation for a real buffer of images .
i ca n't set up a memory allocation for a real picture buffer .
ca n't allocate memory to a real buffer of images
the memory is now unable to allocate a corresponding memory buffer .
he did n't even allocate memory for a real buffer of images .
ca n't allocate memory for a real buffer of images
failed to allocate memory for a real buffer of images
ca n't allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
then we would take it as a compliment . ''
we 'd appreciate it ! ''
we would be in agreement this .
it would be our pleasure
we 're going to love this . ''
i 'm very grateful .
it would be our pleasure .
we 're going to appreciate it ,
it would be our pleasure .
it would be our pleasure .
no one deserved death !
death for no reason !
fucking hell , no one 's worth dying for .
no one stood for death .
hey , we deserve death !
no one was deserved . . .
does anyone deserve to die ? ''
nobody deserved deaths ''
no one ! '' deserved death !
death ! '' someone said .
i have to have it in the contract . . .
yeah , '' someone said it , . what 's in my contract ?
okay , '' necessary to have it in the contract .
'we'il have to , he had to sign a contract .
must be , '' he '' necessary to have it in the contract . ''
things like that have to be in my contract , right ?
are we gon na have that in the contract ? ''
i have to have it in the contract , right ?
it must be part of my contract
we 're sure it 's in my contract !
only your visit or a few stays at home ?
i 'm going to visit or stay awhile .
visits or stays a little longer ?
for example , what you 're visiting or staying for a while . . .
visit us right now ?
one of your visits or stays ?
visit or stay , some time .
visit , come to my place ?
visit , come on .
only , visit '' or stays a while longer ?
i 'm really worried about it !
i 'm really worried about it !
mine 's gon na be pretty scared .
i 'm really worried about it . ''
and i fear that very much . ''
i 'm really worried about this ! '
i guess you 're the one who worries me
i 'd be pretty worried about it !
i really got my own fear .
'i 'm really worried , for a moment '
it 's a hatred .
there 's going to be hatred .
another a second hatred .
another thing is hatred !
there will be hatred
he 's got hatred .
others do n't express hatred .
'the other thing is a hatred ! '
it 's hatred too . ''
others are just hatred .
and my daughter took it with me !
did they kidnap a baby boy ?
they took me that boy !
they 're not my baby !
it 's my baby
'did they take my baby ? '
'two of them stole my baby '
the kidnapper took little girl .
took it with me .
he 's taken my baby !
is there someone in there ?
someone does n't come ?
am i supposed to be here ?
who 's there now ?
is anyone not there ?
is there anyone ? ''
is there someone ? ''
there 's someone in there ?
does anyone live ? of course !
and does anyone care anymore ?
we 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
we 'll be able to meet in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
we 'll meet here when you open the store tomorrow .
we 're going to see you tomorrow at the store . ''
we'il meet in the store tomorrow and discuss it .
we 'll be seeing each other in the store tomorrow .
'we 'll meet in the store tomorrow . '
we 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
it 's supposed to be in the store tomorrow .
our shots are on the way .
take a picture , come on .
take your guns . take your pictures .
did we go for a few shots ?
listen , i 'm going to take a picture
our boy got a little hiss a couple of shots of him .
we have a couple of shots . ''
hey , it 's okay .
i 'm going to take a picture .
do n't let go of the shots !
. . . these are veterans ?
and . . . hospital ?
it 's a hospital . . . ''
it 's a u . s . hospital 's ?
that 's a veterans ' hospital .
it 's hospital 's going home ?
it 's not like a veterans hospital .
you 're not at the veterans ' hospital ?
it 's for veterans , right ?
that 's a better hospital .
it comes to me you sit
i came to your place . you can sit down .
i 'm telling you , sat you down . ''
i 'm telling you to sit down !
i will look at you as you sit . ''
before you , it 's places .
have a seat . louis .
and to sit down , so you know what i 'm doing .
i 'll show you where to sit , okay ?
i said what i 'm gon na sit on .
the attacks of my son will not affect me .
the boy 's attacks are useless to me .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
the boy does n't care about my petty attacks .
it was useless to worry about my son 's little attacks .
the attacks of my son were no more . ''
attacks on my son were never taken into account .
my son 's behaviour has taken no interest in me .
he wo n't take care of my son , too .
we 're not interested in the little attacks of my son
vet 's looking at the possibility of disposing of unnecessary medicines .
does the veterinarian have a consultation with the possibility of disposing of unnecessary medicines ? ''
it was also necessary to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
no . your veterinarian should be consulted about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
consultations with your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
i strongly advise you to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian should '' be consulted about how to dispose of non essential medicines
i advise you to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines . ''
your veterinarian is asked about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
'your veterinarian consulted on the possibility of disposing of unnecessary medicines . '
you 'd be playing football for a decade .
is such football years to you
you could play 10 years on .
you still want to play 10 years .
when you were young , you 'd be playing 10 years .
you 'd play football a decade .
you could play in a decade .
i 'd play 10 years in football . . .
maybe there 's a decade of football in you .
you could play football , due to a decade .
you do n't have to be three , so it 's best practice .
being the only three people so this is good practice .
it 's only going to be three people , that 's great . in practice .
the exercises for three people are enough to be good .
training room for only three people , kind of like a good practice .
they 're only going to three people , we 're going to practice well .
they 're for as much as three people so . . .
they can be used only for three people and being good enough .
they 're only for three people and will be good for the job .
good for a maximum of three people .
it 's not possible !
none of this is , possible .
no , it is n't possible !
it 's not possible !
oh , this is impossible .
no , no , i do n't have it !
no , it is n't possible !
do n't . it 's impossible .
this is impossible .
well , it 's not so possible !
his instructions are about his physical and psychological condition .
tell him , tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
tell her mrs . noga .
did you tell him about noga 's physical and psychological condition ?
listen , i 'm going to tell him about noga 's physical and psychological condition
his condition gave the physical his knowledge of noga 's state of health .
we want him to know how noga is physically and mentally . ''
hey , he 's physical .
i want to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
do n't let him know what kind of physical and psychological condition he is .
well . . . have you seen him smiling with his nose ?
maybe sneered at her nose ?
have you seen him smile ?
did he sniffed the nose ?
smiling to keep his nose out ?
is he smiling too ?
has he not been smiling because he 's got a nose ?
he 's not on his nose .
are n't you smiling ?
has your nose ever been happy with you ?
things almost did n't end
i made it . . . in the end . real . . close .
his efforts are nearly completed
this is nearly done , sir .
well , we 're all done .
we 're almost done !
is nearly done with him
we 're done !
he nearly got nearly that
this is nearly complete . . .
we never had our technical malfunction .
not done , no technical glitches , sir .
the technical malfunction was not our fault .
we no longer had technical malfunction .
there were no technical glitches with us . ''
i have n't seen many technical glitches . ''
there was no glitch .
'no tech glitch caught us .
did n't bring in many technical glitches ,
we were expecting no technical glitches
those are really hot hands !
your hands are warm hands !
that 's hot hand .
hot on your hands !
it 's a heat . ''
you have nice hands !
it 's warm , your hands are hot !
all right , warm hands .
you have hot hands
that 's not sexy hands .
they describe the work to be done by a janitor .
the job is described here , and the janitor looks something like this .
i ca n't find a description of what it looks like as a janitor .
there are descriptions of this job , which looks like this .
they 've got a description of what it looks like as a janitor .
there 's also a description of this job that looks like this to the janitor
there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there 's an article about this job that looks like this to a janitor .
the locals describe the job as such , as a janitor .
'there are descriptions of work there , ' he told me .
he said it was close to the border with lu .
they claim to be at the border with lu .
'they 're somewhere near the border with lu . ' said the old man .
he also says it 's close to the border with lu .
he told two people at the hotel they were somewhere close to the border with lu
he says he 's at the border with lu . ''
it 's close lu , i ca n't say . ''
he said , they were at the border with lu . ''
he says he 's at the border with lu . ''
he said that they were at the border with lu . ''
so let 's ban alcohol and cigarettes .
the rules do n't apply to alcohol or cigarettes .
do n't you think it 's forbidden to drink or smoke ? !
is n't there something to ban alcohol and cigarettes ?
alcohol 's forbidden .
do you have any alcohol or cigarettes banned ?
do the cigarettes prohibit cigarettes ?
have you banned alcohol and cigarettes ? ''
cigarettes do n't go on sale anymore ?
alcohol , and no cigarette is .
weird woman i was calling . . .
'i got a weird phone call from my wife .
i got a weird phone call from my wife .
i was getting weird calls from my wife .
one weird woman called right away from me .
i should have called my weird wife .
i did n't get a weird phone call from my wife . ''
i did n't get a weird phone call .
i was n't particularly on the phone with my wife .
when i got a weird phone call from my wife .
with charlie , let 's get ourselves killed .
charlie c . go to hell , kill yourself .
okay , charlie , let 's get ourselves killed .
charlie , he 's going to kill us !
i 'm afraid you 're going to kill us !
because you want to kill us !
mr . 4th , for the love affair charlie , you will be killed
charlie . . . are you going to kill us ?
you 'll be able to kill us !
charlie . . . ! . . you 're going to kill us !
her family died here with her .
they said they killed her family .
they killed her family , and they did n't kill her ? ''
they really kill her family too ?
her family has n't died in the war
so killed up ?
your whole family was dying for it .
they really kill her family too ?
they killed the family ?
well , the family has been murdered .
he had an ugly look in his friend 's eyes .
cohen 's eye became hostile .
the eyes of his friends suddenly became an ugly thing to do .
the offended eyes were turned into hostile , as if they belonged to their friends .
he has an ugly , hostile look in his friends ' eyes .
his friend was turned ugly and hostile .
fellow playmates could have turned ugly and hostile in their eyes .
playmates eyes were now more hostile .
kaelin 's friends have been turned into ugly and hostile .
the friendly eye has been turned into an ugly , hostile eye .
having dinner . . .
you know , '' someone said dinner , . what do you want to eat ?
you want something to eat , '' okay ?
do n't want dinner ?
shall we go , '' you '' ready to eat ? ''
sounds like you want to go to dinner , right ?
are you going to dinner ? ''
want to go to dinner , right ?
you 'll have dinner with us
you 're sure you want to go to dinner ?
i do n't know how happy i was and how surprised they were . ''
all right , sir , just imagine , imagine how happy i really was to be .
think of how happy i was and how surprised it was .
amazing , '' said vimes .
imagine how happy i was to be and how surprised they were .
imagine it was my pleasure and surprise .
'it just comes to my mind , imagine how happy i was , how surprised i was ! '
in my mind is thrilled how surprised i was . . . ''
imagine my joy , and you expect me to be surprised . ''
i imagined how pleased i was and how surprised they were .
with cash like sheik oman !
throw up money like sheik oman !
he waved his money to get rid of her like sheik oman .
the cash in the same way as sheik oman , thanks to her .
throwing money like sheik oman !
he did n't throw his money like sheik oman .
i 'm throwing money like sheik oman .
sheik oman used to throw money like that
throw money like sheik oman
and flashed with money like sheik oman .
it 's not funny !
this is so weird . . . it 's so weird !
it 's not funny !
this is weird . this is really weird .
this is n't weird , it 's weird , that 's not funny at all !
this is really weird .
this is weird !
this is really weird .
this is really weird , really weird .
this is strange . this is fun .
it will be fun and entertainment . ''
it 's entertainment . ''
it will bring to them fun and laughter .
it will be fun and laughter
they 're going to be fun . ''
i 'm sure they 'll laugh and be entertained .
will make them laugh and fun .
they 're gon na be fun ,
will make them laugh and fun .
will make them laugh and fun .
may be taken to 4 or 6 weeks . ''
you can go there in 4 or 6 weeks . ''
you can only do it once a week , but it was 4 6 weeks .
you have an appointment from 4 to 6 weeks .
did you do it 4 or 6 weeks ?
it may be possible to schedule it between 4 and 6 weeks .
you can take it on your own in 4 or 6 weeks . . .
maybe this will come in 4 or 6 weeks . . .
you can go there in 4 or 6 weeks , but you got a flat tire .
it may be possible to schedule it between 4 and 6 weeks .
now i say what ?
i 'm the boss . . .
hey , i 'm telling you something ! ''
i 'm just saying what ? . . .
that 's how i tell you ?
i 'm saying , what kind of thing is that ?
i 'm telling you what ?
i mean , something to tell you ? ''
i 'm saying what ?
i word as you say . . .
you 're so beautiful .
it 's supposed to be like this and he 's got it .
you 'd look like this !
then you 'd just have to be .
you 'd have to .
you could do it if . . .
and you should look like this ! '
you 'd look like this !
you 're just gon na be . . .
you have to be this way . ''
on one barbecue , you met a lindy bloom .
you met linda bloom 's little one last time ?
you saw linda bloom on that barbecue .
linda came to see you .
you met her linda bloom on a barbecue .
you 've been seeing linda bloom on a barbecue .
on a barbecue with linda bloom , you met lindy bloom .
you happen to meet linda bloom on a barbecue .
. . . met linda bloom on a barbecue . ''
you met a linda bloom .
they should n't have invited d'hoffyn
d'hoffyn was not speaking at the invitation .
d'hoffyn did not have an invitation .
no invitation from d'hoffyn .
no d'hoffyn invited .
'd'hoffyns have been excluded . '
'hoffyns do n't have to be invited .
then the d'hoffyn not been invited .
did n't invite d'hoffyn . ''
his name is not mentioned in the invitation
so the course has changed .
different course has changed and . . .
the course here has one ?
course was changed , right ? ''
the course changed them two things ?
course '' changed him .
someone was changing the course .
you changed the course ?
that was different .
you changed course ?
oh , yeah , such testing probably makes her kidnapping , and more likely .
the test is behind her kidnapping .
it may be the blame for the kidnapping .
maybe it can be off .
maybe the test is to blame for the kidnapping .
tests have led to her kidnapping , right ?
it 's probably possible to blame the tests on kidnapping .
tests may also be responsible for the kidnapping .
kidnapping tests may have been implicated in this .
maybe these two tests can be blamed for kidnapping her .
boss , get out of here !
boss , do n't come to the disaster !
be quick to escape the disaster !
chief boss . . . let 's get out of here .
chief o boss o boss , boss .
the way to the disaster . go !
get out ! hurry up !
heads of staff , boss we have to escape this catastrophe !
chief boss . . . let go of the disaster
go away now !
my main theater is standing below the street .
you remembered my theater a little lower .
my lowest level of the theater had taken place just below the street when i was playing .
my own theater is below the street level !
yeah ! '' said vimes , still below the street level . ''
my theater was n't on the street .
my theater is right next to the street .
my theater is right down .
i have theatres under the street .
my theater 's down on the street .
and what a cool thing to do .
how great it is !
and then it 's , and that 's great , that way and great one .
i 'm so cool .
your hands are great and cool .
how do i feel so great when it 's so cool ?
how great can it be ? how great
how well it 's . ''
you 're cool , ''
how great of a thing .
you think you 're not going to eat , and you have nothing to eat ? ''
do you want to go to dinner ? ''
you 're gon na have dinner ?
will you be eating elsewhere ?
will you be here so we can eat ?
you wo n't even get something to eat .
not even gon na eat ?
you 're not gon na eat ?
you 're not eating , mr . krause ?
you 're not gon na eat ?
that you were thinking of something funny .
you 're a funny guy , so it 's weird .
you look like you 're having a bad idea , '' jim said strangely , not really . ''
you look like you 're having a bad idea , though . ''
'that 's a funny idea , ' said vimes .
it 's such a weird , funny , funny idea .
it 's as if you were thinking of something funny .
you 're sure it was a funny idea .
it seems you have a funny idea . . .
you must look at me like you 're thinking of something funny .
are you finding something weird ?
is n't that weird ?
does it surprise you that this is weird ?
you 're not weird about that ?
you 're not weird ?
would anyone find it weird ? ''
is n't it a strange feeling ?
do n't i think you 're weird ?
do n't that seem weird to you ?
is n't that weird ?
you mean he 's being helped ?
someone want him to help ?
are you telling me someone helped him ?
you want a little out of it just tell him someone helped him ?
you just said when someone helped him ?
you have n't told anyone about his help ?
do you mean anyone 's helping ?
so say someone helped him ?
you mean . he was supposed to be helping someone ?
that someone 's helping him .
it 's not your luck .
it 's not lucky at all . ''
, no , that 's not luck .
that does n't bring any luck .
well , that 's lucky . ''
no , it 's not . ''
not lucky ! ''
that 's no lucky .
here 's what 's not lucky !
but it 's not lucky !
after calling the gryf , she leaned and held out her strong arm to speak a commanding order .
after summoning the gryf , she leaned and spoke out in a commanding tone .
katharine did not hesitate to summon the gryf , and she commanded him with a firm command .
as she summoned the gryf , she climbed to him heavily on his back and commanded him with a firm command .
as she summoned the gryf , his power lines were raised , and he was speaking in a commanding tone .
summoning the gryf , one of them climbed onto his strong back and began to command him with a commanding tone .
after summoning the gryf she mounted him with a strong arm and commanded him to speak decisively .
she summoned the gryf to his strong back , '' she clambered to him and commanded him with a firm command .
after calling the gryf , jessica sat down on his strong back and commanded him with a firm command .
as she summoned the gryf , she clung to him on a strong back and commanded him with a clear command .
it 's kind of weed from the wall .
i ca n't see the grass from the cobbled wall .
a tall wall is sprouting with grass
grows of the grass from just one brick wall ,
there 's a grass growing on that cobbled wall !
oh , the railing and the grass and the walls . . .
there are weeds on the walls .
two days out there , the grass grew again .
his ' tiled wall ' has a lot of grass .
the walls grow the grass grass . ''
he 's going to have a cup of coffee too .
yeah , it 's coffee .
number one , do you have a little coffee ?
'i have to go too , ' coffee came too .
'yeah . ' took care of the coffee .
yeah , go and have a cup of coffee .
i guess i 'll have a cup of coffee too .
yeah , have you too ?
and you should have a cup of coffee too .
coffee this was n't buying me .
in revisions , this should be able to take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
for them too , all commitments under this chapter should be considered .
these mores also take more .
'there should be a review of all commitments made under this chapter 's provisions .
revisions should be taken into account in respect of all commitments adopted under this chapter .
that revision must take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter ,
these changes need to be taken into account by all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes include liability .
therein lies the revision . ''
these revisions had to take into account all commitments made under this chapter .
the messages are quite aggressive , are there any of you ?
are you saying aggressively , i guess this is a message ?
this is quite aggressive and you do n't think so ?
you 're such an aggressive message .
it 's not going to be very aggressive , right ?
it 's quite an aggressive message , do n't you think ?
you have an aggressive view now , huh ?
he 's not going to be too aggressive , or is he ?
a message that is highly aggressive .
that 's quite an aggressive message , are n't it ?
the way of getting married is intelligent , as it seems .
the way of marriage , did n't take it so smart .
there 's a smarter way forward in terms of marriage .
we do n't know the smart ways to get married
intelligent ways of getting married ,
'we look out for intelligent ways to approach the wedding . '
it 's smart about getting married . ''
here 's your way to get married . ''
a way to approach a marriage well thought out . ''
we have a smart way of getting married . . .
i heard you upgraded ?
you said they upgraded you !
you said about the upgrade . . . ? . . of you .
you said to me that you were upgraded . . .
you said you were upgraded . . .
you made it up by saying you upgraded
is that an upgraded . . .
he says you 've upgraded !
you told me they upgraded your condition !
it was clear they upgraded you .
someone burned even you in the fire lit the fart .
someone gave your fart a flame to death .
your pants were burnt to death and at the same time as yours , fire and smoke .
in fact , you burned yourself , there was a fire in your anus .
you burned yourself with a cigarette when you farted .
the burning one of your farts burned you .
you burned yourself when you farted !
burned to death the way you farted !
the lighting candle candle set you on fire .
you burned yourself up to death 'cause you farted .
when they built this building . . . they were built right in front of the existing network of water and power lines .
on its construction and current 's sewerage
the building was over existing water and sewer networks . . .
when they built it , it was connected .
when they built it , building was an existing network .
after they all had to build it over the existing network of water and sewer .
it was built to connect the existing networks of water and sanitation .
after which he was built on an existing network of water and sewer .
when they built it , they ran over existing channels of water and sanitation .
he stood over the existing network of water and sewer networks at the time
they were with guns
each has a gun arm .
they both carry guns .
they did n't have a gun .
he has one gun .
were they carrying a gun ?
'both of them , 'said the mage .
they both had automatic weapons . . .
they both had automatic weapons
they 're both armed .
the commission listed the damage , which was related to the removal of the wreckage .
they added to the list of damage , relating to the removal of the wreckage .
the damage lists were clear and specifically related to the removal of the wreckage .
yeah , the damage too , '' council said explicitly to remove the wreck .
'damage to the wreck , ' everyone said .
'as for removing the debris , ' said vimes , too .
they expressly describe the damage relating to the removal of the wreckage .
concerning , of course , the damage , in addition to removing the ruins , but also listing the damage .
to the full extent it also lists damage and removal of the wreck .
i also see damage related to the removal of the ruins .
screaming such a thing is how sad it is .
screaming jesus christ is probably to be sad
if she screams like that , beamed will sound sad .
the sound of that scream sounds like it 's sad .
scream like it 's sad .
screaming such things like you sound sad , like her .
how to scream it sounds sad .
the scream made a sad sound to me as she screamed .
the scream will probably sound sad . it sounds sad .
this scream will probably sound sad
, she can have a good taste , she 'll be fine .
what kind of taste . . . does he have ?
you have a great good taste .
what is this taste ?
his taste for food is good .
his taste , the taste , and give it right away .
what his taste was . . .
what a good taste he has .
how good his taste is .
this is going to be his good taste .
that 's something your wife should appreciate
the woman should be commended .
'then this is something . . . your wife 's worth appreciating , ' okay ?
if you 're a woman , the whole things should be appreciated .
this was going to appreciate the woman .
you should think of your wife .
the woman should be commended .
you should appreciate it from your wife
'that 's what your wife should appreciate .
these are valued by your wife .
well , the messenger sent an envelope in which you had money .
mail messages , cash envelopes , '' said the messenger .
the messenger just picked up your money , why ?
guys , mail man delivered full cash and cash envelopes
courier last delivered envelope ( e . g . a . full of money )
one messenger gave you one hundred grand .
messages today from the messenger . he 's an envelope full of money . . .
listen , the messenger sent you a cheque for money .
now you 're here , the messenger will deliver an envelope with cash .
someone just mailed this to you with a cash envelope .
do you want guys ?
do you go ?
will you come ? ''
you 're not taking this ?
he does n't even come ?
does anyone want you ?
come with me . oh ?
let 's go ?
you 're not going to ?
you really did when you came ?
i do n't really like being stuck in bed .
what horror was for me to be trapped in bed ?
the things i hate most about being stuck in bed . . .
what i do n't like is here alone .
what am i gon na hate ?
it 's my bed 's sufferers .
the bed was torture .
from how i would hate to be in bed
what i do n't like , it 's the worst .
the thing that frightens me most is the bed locked up .
what 's your compensation amount amounting to ?
then how can a man 's actions not adequately compensate him for some compensation ?
would any damages in this case ?
so , mr . holding a meeting here , is n't it appropriate to pay compensation ?
not more appropriate than offering compensation ?
should any kind of compensation be provided for him ?
should any kind of compensation be provided for him ?
would any of the compensation really be appropriate ? ''
are n't any compensation provided for ?
how does a compensation procedure take place without any compensation ?
those bastards would kick his ass '' asses .
the son of a bitch would have kicked him in the butt .
sons of bitches would n't be on their asses .
the fucker should kick his ass !
people have been kicking that bastard in the ass . . .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass . ''
maybe did n't want to kick that bastard 's ass . ''
son of a bitch , said , i 'd kick his ass . ''
the bastard will kick his ass ! '
the bastard gets his ass kicked in the butt !
woman '' woodburne writes a report about her husband missing .
and the woman writes a missing person report .
now there will be a report of the disappearance of a woman from woodburne 's husband .
the local woman is reporting on the disappearance of her husband
there 's a report missing from woodburne about your husband 's disappearance .
oh , my god . . . the woman from woodburne reported her husband 's disappearance . .
there are reports of missing persons from woodburne , which relate to your husband .
two days ago , a woman reported missing .
the women report the disappearance report . ''
someone came to report that someone had disappeared from woodburne 's wife . ''
the silent retreats are no good fight .
the retreats never bring a victory to the fight just like the retreat .
the retreats were not winning the battle .
the retreats wo n't win them all .
the retreat is not won in a fight .
retaliatory actions are not successful .
the retreat does n't win the battle .
but they do n't win the battle .
retreats win no battles . ''
retreats do n't lead to victory !
you must be very territorial . . .
your behaviour must sound like a very territorial one .
so i 'm not gon na say you acted like a very territorial person . . .
from what you 've said , your actions in that regard are showing a great deal of territorial .
this place has acted as a very territorial place .
this looks like you acted very territorially .
'i think you acted very territorially , ' say you .
there 's a sense of territorial activity .
looking like you acted very territorially .
it seems like your behaviour is a bit of a territorial one , is .
we 're unknown i had no idea how he died .
the only thing is he 's not known how he died .
i still have no idea how he died .
not familiar with how he died .
i still do n't know how he died . . . that he died !
i 'm still unsure about his death
in my opinion , it 's unclear how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
it 's too early for him to die .
but i was n't sure how he died .
the hotel 's broken rooms are exactly the same as nixon 's . ''
it 's exactly nixon 's breaking into the hotel room .
burglary to hotel not planned
breaking into the hotel room is n't as bad as it was with nixon .
the burglary of the hotel room goes as it happened with nixon .
breaks into hotel doppelganger .
nixon 's hotel guests have broken into the hotel room and destroyed it .
it 's worse to break into the hotel room than nixon did .
the fact that he broke into the hotel room does n't allow nixon to escape . ''
as a result of the break in the hotel room , the planned burglary has also not happened to nixon .
they 're the results ?
this is an autopsy ?
it 's an autopsy report ?
they 're post mortem reports ?
this is an autopsy ?
autopsy is your reports ?
from the autopsy report . ''
this is an autopsy report ?
check out . check out the autopsy .
this is a report from an autopsy ?
naelas at risk of death .
he 's in danger of dying !
the danger of death threatens
naeli are at risk of death
the nael is dead !
the nael is mortal , so he ca n't die .
it 's dangerous for nael to die . ''
that naeli risks die because
for naeli risks , death . . .
the nael man was at risk of death
to protect your security . . . (. . . other content will be blocked by the web browser .
to ensure security , they block their other content online .
the web browser blocking access to other content on which the security is guaranteed .
web browser prevented other content from accessing this site , thereby protecting its security .
it was also not possible for the security of the web browser to block other content .
furthermore , the web browser prevents other content from accessing this site , it prevented .
and its security was not protected by the web browser .
further protects you and the web browser is blocking other content from this website .
furthermore , your browser prevented other content from accessing this site ,
furthermore , your browser prevented other content from accessing this site for security reasons .
but his weight is a little higher .
and his own weights are a little higher than that .
you have a little higher weight than that .
the weight gain a little over it .
a little more than that ?
that 's quite high for her .
weight is quite important to her at this point .
weight is low for her
weight of the weights she 's got a little higher
the weight is in a little higher . ''
they are using short term bursts
they are using short term bursts .
they use an interruption . ''
try to use them in short bursts .
let 's use them in short bursts
they are using short term bursts
'they use them in short bursts , ' les ponts .
will they use an occasional burst ?
let 's say they use them in short bursts .
use an intermittent burst of lightning . ''
the house belonged to my mom .
were they from my mom ?
he 's got his mom .
she was a mom .
they were my mom . ''
she was mom . ''
did he have my mom ''
he 's got his mom
he 's my mom !
he 's my mom !
we 're working in new york to do this . ''
there 's a new york office employee
i 'm working in new york ,
as a staff member at new york .
that 's johnny 's office .
working his way through new york . . .
after all , he 's a new york office employee and a receptionist . ''
that 's . . . new york .: .
as a new york based employee . . .
he , actually . . . he 's a new york based employee .
nicole was crying about it constantly .
nicole was the one who was still crying .
'nicole cried the whole time . '
there 's nicole crying . ''
nicole will cry all the time .
nicole was a cry ,
'i 'm crying , 'said the other .
nicole keeps crying . ''
nicole cried , beaming
did she still continue to cry ?
there 's no stretcher !
we have stable belts .
there 's no seatbelt . ''
there 's no seatbelts in here . ''
these are stable anchors .
none of the stable girders . . .
we do n't have a stable belt . ''
'we have n't found stable girders . '
stable girders do n't even exist .
there will be no stabilizers .
there 's one dance ?
she likes dancing .
do you like to dance ?
'you 're not dancing ? '
she likes dancing .
do you have a dance ? ''
you loved dancing . ''
do you want to dance ?
you want a dance ?
here 's your dance ?
you see that rock ? yeah , right ?
i saw the stone . take a look at it .
look around . there 's a rock , right ?
what 's this , you stone ?
hey , guys . you guys see this big rock ?
and you see this rock ? ''
what about this stone ?
can i see this rock over there ?
see this over there a rock ?
you want to see this rock ? ''
it 's a strange time .
that was some funny moments .
and that 's a really funny little thing .
how funny moments !
wow , what a funny thing !
guys , what a funny thing !
i mean , what a funny thing !
wow , what a funny thing !
i 'm so funny !
just a little weird moment !
your disrespect for me was so much here !
how rude you are .
hey , it 's so disrespectful !
how rude you are .
what a disrespectful thing you did .
what a disrespectful thing for you . . . ! . how dare you be .
how rude of you to be .
it was too rude to be rude !
what if i offended that you were disrespectful ?
and what a disrespectful thing to do !
he was caught in cardassia when klingon attacked him .
he was caught in a klingon attack on cardassia .
they trapped him in cardassia , an attack on klingon .
he found himself trapped in cardassia when klingon attacked him .
he stayed right on cardassia as klingon attacked him .
his kidnapper had caught him on cardassia when the klingons attacked him .
in the attack on cardassia , klingon has been trapped .
he had to stay on cardassia when klingon attacked him
he was caught on cardassia and was ambushed by klingon , too .
before attacking the klingons , klingon caught him .
out of my life they would have killed me .
i would n't want to die before they attacked me !
of course i would have died before they attacked me .
i 'm gon na die before they attack me .
i would have died if they had attacked me .
i would have died . . . as soon as i was attacked !
i 'm gon na die before they attack me .
i would rather die than attack myself .
they took my death out of me .
let 's go to death as soon as they attack me !
most candidates seek an administrative job .
an administrative staff position at eurojust was open to candidates and invited them to their applications .
candidates can submit applications for eurojust 's administrative functions .
and one applicant is invited , i am hereby invited to submit an application for an administrative position at eurojust .
candidacy is invited by the applicant for the position of an administrative officer at eurojust .
the candidates may be invited to apply for eurojusta 's administrative functions .
candidates were invited to apply for eurojust 's administrative functions . . .
candidates seek administrative jobs .
candidate shall apply for eurojust 's administrative functions
candidates are invited to the possibility of applying for eurojust 's administrative functions
i swear i 'll keep my dream .
i swear i 'll put you in front of me .
i do n't lie , and you promised me you 'd always dream of me .
lying in front of my dreams .
i swear . . . ! . . that i 'll put you in front of me .
as far as i 'm concerned , i 'll put my dreams ahead of mine .
it 's clear that you 're putting your dreams in front of me .
you know , i promised you i 'd put you in front of me .
i promise you i 'll keep my dream .
i . one promise me last night i 'll be dreaming of you .
come on , the girl scout watches the grandmother , while she kills the bull .
'it 's a girl scout , i see her grandmother , killed by a bull . '
girls like grandma who watched her grandma kill a bull .
i watched the girl scout as she watched her grandmother kill a bull .
that 's the girl scout who watches her grandma as she kills a bull
they 're here to watch grandma kill a bull . . .
she 's a scout who watches her grandma as she kills a bull .
she watches the grandmother of a bull that kills her grandmother
she 's got a girl scout who watches her grandma kill a bull !
she 's a scout looking at her grandma as she kills a bull .
what worries you most , catches .
if you 're afraid , he 's after you . . .
what you fear is . someone will catch you .
it 's just fear , they 'll catch you .
what they fear is a catch .
what 's scary is getting caught !
fear someone always catches a chance to get caught .
he 's catching you in the eye . . . (. . . so the fear will be caught .
only now you 're worried about being caught .
but who 's afraid he 'll catch you .
we mixed the water , put in the pumps , let 's get him in the water !
we mixed him in with water and put in the pumps .
we'il put him in the water and put in the pumps .
pour him a little water and put him in the pump .
mix him up with the water . gave him something to pump .
a mixture of water and water was added to the pump .
put water back in the tank .
water mixture added to the pumps .
the water was in the pump .
mixed in the water , i 'm going to the pumps !
it 's not the differences .
those are different things ?
kind of differences . . .
there 's making differences ,
it 's a man 's difference ?
'we have n't made any differences ? '
is there a difference
do we have a difference ?
it 's a difference ?
we 're . . . with differences .
and we find a place where there 's a chance to make a fire
we 're still open , and we'il just fire up on the spot .
our fire burns are in the open space , and we do n't know where to go .
no , find a better place and we 'll set the fire .
we have to find a safer place . let 's light fires .
is that what we 're gon na find an open space and make a fire ?
do you want us to find an open space and light the fire ?
do you have to look around , and do you want to light a fire ? '
we just should find a free space . . . ! . . and we do n't want to burn .
we have to find a safer place , and we do n't have much to do .
i do n't know .
i guess nobody knew anything about it .
i did n't know
i told you , i do n't know .
i do n't know , my hands are full of uncertainty .
but it 's not sure . ''
'i really do n't know anything . '
( i do n't know , you know , maybe going to jail for a while .
i have no idea .
i do n't know .
'you 're sorry , mr harriman ?
does harriman want a minute please ?
this is an emergency , but sorry , mr . harriman ?
excuse me one second , sir .
excuse . . . harriman ?
dear sir , please .
'i 'd really like to apologize , mr . harriman ? '
'sorry , mr harriman ?
mr harriman , do you feel sorry for me ?
do you mind , mr . harriman ?
'put it down , motherfucker ! '
you son of a bitch .
get out . there were jerks !
then stop your dick !
hold up son of a bitch !
are you fucking i mean , you son of a bitch ?
do you hear me ? ''
stop it , does he even have a son of a bitch ?
give it up , asshole !
you want me to stop you ?
it seems crazy , fried , oyster .
i would n't dare put an oyster on a clam , no way .
that 's not crazy , one oyster .
oyster is crazy !
more stupid . is that oyster ?
( judging by the fact that the oyster is on the clam . it 's fucking stupid .
so you 're damn stupid to give an oyster to a clam , huh ?
that 's really stupid , putting oysters on a clam . . .
this is nonsense .
look that oyster in the water , crazy
two things really you 'll only get a deeper darkness if you keep on going .
and if you go on , you 'll leave the dark , just in the dark .
i 'm sure if you keep going , you 'll leave the darkness and go to the dark .
and if you go on , you wo n't get out of the dark , just deeper darkness .
if you go on and on , you 'll disappear into the dark , just deeper darkness .
if you go on , you 'll get rid of the darkness and go to the dark .
if you go on , i 'll leave the darkness behind , just deeper darkness . ''
indeed , if you go on , you 'll end up in the dark , just in the darkness . . .
in fact , if you go on , i 'll leave the darkness behind , just in the middle of the darkness .
really . . . ? . if you go on , wo n't i go into the dark , just deeper darkness .
kalizkan has nothing to do with the magician .
kalizkan 's the only magicians , '' janson said .
the kalizkan are the only magicians , he would have known .
he 's probably a magic wizard .
kalizkan knows only when he was a wizard .
kalizkan is a single magician who has known him
kalizkan are the only known magicians in the world
only knows a kalizkan
'kalizkan 's just a wizard he knew .
'kalizkan 'is the only wizard known
'what do you mean ? ' he asked .
what does this have to do with ? '' jack asked .
who does he have ? '' jack asked .
who does he have ? '' asked jack , surprised .
what i mean ? '' asked jack anxiously .
'listen who ? 'jack asked .
'who did he come from ? 'he asked .
'how did he get ? 'jack asked .
well , the guy who ? '' jack asked in astonishment .
jack asked out loud .
let 's get some air . ''
it 's over
we do n't out of the air any more .
we ca n't get out of the air !
the air 's gone .
oh , the air 's gone .
he 's gone through the air
air is out , people .
now we wo n't be able to breathe .
we still have out of the air !
good blender , right next to that .
that 's good blender . . .
i 'm really a good mixer .
it 's a beauty blender !
what a great mixer .
'he 's a beauty in a blender . '
that 's really a mixer .
that 's a good mixer .
well , that 's good mixing .
a beautiful bowl of blender ! ''
to think of a mailbox !
just think inside !
mind . . . in it .
just imagine . ''
we 'll just imagine a box . ''
in a box 's mind .
you 're thinking about a box .
thinking a box of boxes
think of a box filled with boxes !
and think out of a box !
that 's ' cause he 's not hungry today .
for sure today , though , none of him will be hungry .
it seems to me that he 's not hungry .
you seem to be hungry today .
does i look like he 's not hungry ,
it looks like i got a little hungry for him
'malcolm seems to have no appetite today .
'that looks like he 's not hungry , ' said vimes .
he . . . seem to be n't hungry today , huh ? . . ''
looks like no one 's hungry .
the court martial is without evidence that kwak was killed .
no other evidence exists that kwak 's been murdered .
there is no proof he was killed by kwaka .
there 's no proof of killing kwak , '' he said .
but there is no proof that kwak was killed
the evidence here is yet to be proven that he killed kwak . ''
there 's still no proof he killed kwaka . ''
it is not possible to prove that kwak was killed
there is no proof he was killed by kwaka .
there is no evidence that kwak was murdered
it will certainly be fun .
fun would n't be at all .
funny to everyone .
i 'm sure it 's too much fun !
such great fun , mr . bek .
very much entertaining indeed .
it was a great , great fun .
it 's that much fun !
sounds like fun to me
a really great fun going .
i did n't have a leader .
he did n't have to be the leader .
the commander took her alone and without her .
however , no commander had arisen .
he 's got no leader . . .
he had no command post .
two leaders were here .
there have been no commanders
there has been no commander !
there was no commander in charge !
it 's one hell of a day !
it 's a day . . .
it must have been a terrible day !
it 's been a terrible day ! '
it 's a hell of a day !
will be a terrible day
the last few days were terrible . . .
it was a terrible day to be here .
we have a terrible day today . ''
it has been a terrible day ! '
oh , please never talk .
come , stop it and talk silly .
you can talk as stupid as you want . ''
stop talking , '' moron said .
'stupid talk ! ' said vimes .
stop talking like a fool
shut the hell up with that stupid talk
come , stop silly . ''
hey , fuck off .
stopping , '' he said like a fool .
inspector , he does n't know that there 's a fraternity on the street .
but there are no brotherhood in the street .
the inspector i know there 's no fraternity in the street .
the inspector i know this street 'cause he 's an inspector there 's no fraternity
no brotherhood here , cops do n't exist .
the inspector one has no brotherhood in the street .
inspector , this is n't fraternity .
inspector , none of the brotherhood will be on the street .
on them not they have such street brotherhood
inspector there 's no fraternity in the street .
hmm . do you see that high fist ?
his fist caught up with him , '' then winced .
jim was able to see him and the fist jerked him away .
the tall fist was looking up to see him .
'said the tall fist seen him , 'and he winced .
'high fists have seen him , jerking away .
he saw him , bent arms .
a tall fist saw him and winced .
'he sees him , ' snapped sigarni .
tall hands saw him and jerked .
well , do you want to be upset about this ?
and is it no longer a good thing to be angry ?
'do n't you ever want to be upset about something ? '
is it okay you have a lot of anger ?
does any of you ever want to get mad at me ?
hey , will you be getting that really angry ?
mr . will you never be angry ?
you gon na be really upset ?
wan na be really upset ?
think about it , you 're a man 's life and big anger
his eyes do n't blink a bit .
leonard , slightly startled , had raised his eyes .
he barely flinched his eyelids , only a little .
his eyes had twitched a little bit .
his eye twitched slightly in his eyes .
now he . . . his eyes twitched slightly . .
he 's still a little twitching in his eyes .
the boy 's eyes twitched .
his eye twitched a little .
the man 's eyes were twitching , but nothing seemed to happen to him .
i do n't swallow pills .
no swallowing of medication .
are you swallowing on medication ?
'cause i do n't swallow pills .
nothing swallowing medicine .
do n't swallow the pills .
ca n't you swallow ?
you do n't swallow your medication .
and yet he swallows medicine .
i do n't swallow pills .
none of this is needed , if you have powder in the dress .
is powder out there ?
no need clothes or gunpowder !
the one thing is powder dressing . . .
powder does n't need the dress
no '' in the clothing necessary dust bombs . ''
the wear of powder is only two hundred percent necessary .
here 's your proof that you do n't have to wear powder in your dress . ''
no need to dress up to carry the gunpowder . ''
there 's no need for a gun in the dress .
only a suicidal attempt is the only way to break the record .
all right just kills a suicide .
you 're not a suicide , who would want to break mayan 's record
that 's not suicide , an attempt at breaking mayan 's record .
no . it would be suicide if he wanted to break mayan 's record .
such a suicide it would be suicide to try to break the record .
it 's just a suicide of suicide when you try to break the record .
only one suicide for the purpose of breaking mayan 's record .
but it would be suicide if he wanted to break mayan 's record .
anyway , he 's committed suicide in an attempt to break the record .
what matters because she does n't love me anymore . ''
'five . 'cause she was on her way out of love with me .
look . . . i do n't think he 's gon na love me anymore .
'same thing has happened to her that she does n't love me anymore .
looks . '' she stopped loving me .
point . '' she said .
one two . ''
my daughter one had stopped loving me and broke up .
nothing changes her feelings .
. . . the point of it . . that he does n't love me anymore .
i 'd like something to drink , two drinks more .
i 'd like something to drink . ''
if you 'd let me drink , i want to .
i would n't care about the drink .
if it were up to me . . . i 'd like a drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
that 's how i can get a drink
i 'd like to have a drink !
i 'd like something to drink .
has he chosen it for himself ?
he 's picky ?
did he choose anyone ?
has he decided to pick them ?
does he choose them ?
does he choose the ones ?
did he choose them ?
has n't he picked them yet ?
is he in charge ? '
did he choose them ?
have you looked out , mr . harrison ?
keep an eye out for the outside ?
were you out there and watching ?
is anyone out there watching ?
did you watch the outside ?
you watch this from the outside ? ''
did you watch ?
are you even seen ?
hey , are you still out there ?
were you seen out there ?
then your own fate wo n't be .
your fate ends do n't have such a thing .
your fate ends do n't have such a thing .
your own fate is not facing this .
your fate will not be the same .
"your fate is not the same as yours .
it 's not exactly your fate to say .
your own fate . . . will not be like this , and none of us
your own fate do n't have such a thing .
is that fate similar ?
radio station will suck !
that radio is shit !
and it 's so bad ''
radio 's failing !
radio 's gon na suck .
the radio is supposed to be nice .
radio is failing !
'the radio 's shit . '
my radios suck
stupid radio listening
so what hurts ?
and this hurts ?
'then what is this hurting me ? '
so , what is the cause of pain ?
what is going on ?
what is going on ?
then what hurts ?
a good one what does it hurt ?
and what hurts ?
then what does hurt ?
we have a gina report request jackie .
the gina report is sent
there were some gina reports .
the ginese report was sent by jackie .
'as jackie reported , the gina 's not heard .
call gina and jackie 's reporting on it .
as jackie reported , he was interested in gina .
jackie is reported that jackie has written to gina
he said jackie was in gina , sends a report
the gina sends out his own report .
prepare to install light switches at work stations , which are readily available near the door
installing at work stations in easily accessible positions near the door
install light switches at work stations , '' so . . .
switch to operational stations in two . . . one .: .
do you install light switches at work stations , which are readily available near the door ?
they are installing light switches at work stations , which are readily available at the door .
equipment '' 5 install light switches at work stations , which are readily available at the door .
install a switchboard at the work site , be available .
install switches at work stations that are readily available near the door
install all their auxiliary lights in easily accessible positions close to the door
not that i care , christmas tree !
i no longer care , no matter the christmas .
i 'm ' christmas have nothing to do with it .
i 'm not very much into christmas .
not gotten rid of christmas because . . .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm not interested .
neither christmas nor christmas !
i 'm not interested in christmas .
it 's not important , christmas , anything . . .
would you mind giving me some advice ?
ca n't you have a couple of tips for me ?
you got one i can get some tips from ?
did you get anything to advise me ?
can i get some tips from you ?
can you get some good advice ?
ca n't you tell me some tricks too ?
can i get some tips ?
can i get some tips from you ?
can i have some tips ?
she could have had a mysterious smile . . .
what a smile do you have sometimes ?
what a smile do you have sometimes ?
even the smile on her face was sometimes mysterious ,
although she had a smile on her face she was known to be very mysterious sometimes .
funny , that 's mysterious .
that 's also mysterious .
which can also be a mystery at times .
that 's why his smile can sometimes be a mystery .
that 's why his smile can sometimes be a mystery .
so my wolf was in a place where his prey was . . .
'your orders were to find the wolf where he could find his prey
he 's watching the wolf where he 'll find his prey .
the wolf is found somewhere where he 'll find his prey .
he says i should watch the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you said find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
i was n't sure , but i was looking for a wolf . . . if he could find his prey .
you said a wolf in a place where he could find his prey .
you told my . . . i should find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you talked about looking for a wolf and found him in a place where he could find his prey .
professor , prof . kang .
that 's professor kang .
the professor . . . the one who made the pathologist .
professor , who was a pathologist .
professor kang , who was a pathologist ?
mr . kang , that 's the pathologist .
professor who 's . . . the coroner one , he 'll be .
and professor kang , they 're not a coroner .
and that 's professor kang , the pathologist .
what happened up to professor kang ?
'' kind of like someone 's murder .
you sound like someone was murdered . ''
'personality murder , sounds like . '
it 's like someone 's killing someone . ''
he 's looking at someone 's murder .
well , someone murder 's
it 's going . . . it 'll sound like someone 's been killed .
'that sounds like someone 's been killed .
'yeah , it 's like 'someone 's killed .
it 's like someone 's killing someone .
i still had failed to complete the windows internet connection .
the online connection is being installed in the windows installer .
install windows is no longer running .
windows . setup was still running online .
installation of internet '' windows '
system setup has a failed connection to connect to the internet .
installation windows has not completed with the internet connection .
the installation could not start with the internet connection .
the installation did not complete completing the internet connection .
windows have not completed completing the internet connection .
no one 's going away from here .
as a result of this , can we save no one here ? ''
no one place can be saved from here
i 'm not gon na save anyone in this place
no one being here can be saved !
none of us here and where we 're going is safe nobody .
from here we ca n't save anyone .
no one came out of here like this could have been saved
nobody else had to save this place . ''
no one of us in this place is safe .
i can be sure vanessa will also be affected by demons .
the demon may have vanessa when he falls .
she could have fallen into the clutches of the demons .
vanessa had the demons to fall for .
vanessa may fall into the clutches of demons .
the demon may have fallen on vanessa .
even on the other hand , vanessa will fall down the demons .
what 's going to happen to vanessa ?
the demon may fall for vanessa , too .
the demon 's fallen to vanessa probably too . ''
what kind of hit on a guard was that ?
so what would happen to your guard ?
how much has it hurt ?
how much has it hurt ?
how bad is happening ?
how bad did it happen to your guard ? ''
how many times does guard strike ?
your attack was terrible .
how many times did you hit ?
pretty bad , huh ?
two charges have been filed . . .
he faces a charge . . .
'she faced such a charge as for stealing from her firm . '
two charges have already been filed .
he faces a serious charge of a robbery
facing her a crime
the serious criminal allegations were related . . .
this was an indictment ,
they face a serious theft charge . ''
he faces serious charges relating to the theft of his company . ''
i 've got books on english , chemistry and physics .
i 've got books on english , chemistry and physics .
i like to read english , science and chemistry . . .
'i did n't forget english , science and chemistry . '
and i wo n't forget english , science and chemistry will be useful ''
i 'll read english , science and chemistry books and . . .
book me not , as it 's english , science and chemistry .
i have an encyclopedia of english and chemistry .
i 'll read english , chemistry and physics .
i 've got books in english , chemistry and physics . ''
slope , endless ropes . . .
somewhere on highest the steep three feet . . .
on top , on a long rope .
on the steepest slope . . . on a rope that 's infinite .
and so endless ropes ,
somewhere on mountain bottom endless rope
there are endless ropes somewhere down
maybe the ends of an endless rope . . .
maybe slope , then endless long rope . . .
there 's a long rope at the bottom of the slope .
your government invites foreign troops into france 's sovereign territory .
foreign troops from occupying france will be sent ?
you have invited a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory .
he 's got a foreign army in france ?
on a sovereign french ground you invited a foreign army ?
you called for foreign troops , they came to france and into sovereign territory ?
you called a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory ?
your french government invitation sent a foreign army to france ?
your government was calling on foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
you have invited a foreign army to france 's sovereign territory .
however , such a huge , wild animal did not belong in any of the solar system , whether on any moon or on any planet .
however , living in any moon or planet has no place to be a huge wild animal .
if there was no moon or planet in the solar system , i would have found such a huge wild animal .
no place in the solar system , no moon or planetary one , if there was such a huge wild animal .
according to the solar system , no moon moon or planet exists suffering .
no solar systems found such a large , wild animal 's existence .
nothing in our solar system . . . ! . . has its place that could be found on any moon or planet .
none of the moons in our solar system or planets knows that there is such a huge wild animal .
no one in our solar system knows that there is such a huge wild animal or that there will be any moon or planet .
nothing planets in our solar system . one would be on any moon or planet
he 's going crazy . he 'll kill himself . ''
'then they 'll all be killed , ' everyone said .
everyone just wants to kill himself .
everyone kills on their own .
he 'll all kill himself .
they want to go home and kill themselves
let 's see how they all kill themselves !
they all go to hell and they 'll kill themselves !
let 's see how they all kill themselves !
he 's going to kill himself .
media streams digitally streamed into the network .
network , you know how to broadcast digital media .
is it possible to broadcast digital media on the network ?
this will allow the transmission of digital media .
it allows for the transmission of digital media .
enable streaming of digital media
enables online streaming of digital media
permission allows for the transmission of digital media .
access network to streaming digital media , and network connection .
are you streaming your television ?
you 're as good as i have an afternoon .
you 're not going to have an afternoon . . .
you do n't have an afternoon .
well , you 're only mine in the afternoon !
'you 're mine tonight . '
your afternoon is mine , sir
you 'll be mine , come in the afternoon .
you have time tonight with me .
this afternoon is mine !
be mine alone in the afternoon . . .
please , what will you do with strahm 's cell phone ?
tell us where strahm 's mobile is
let 's get him a locator on his cell phone .
mrs , i 'm looking for a locator on your mobile .
is strahm 's phone still operational ?
did he not have a locator on his mobile phone ?
listen , i 'm looking for a locator on strahm 's mobile .
do you want strahm 's phone to be traced to where he was . . .
'strange , ' you want strahm 's phone to be a locator ?
do you you want strahm 's phone to be traced to the u . s . ?
you 'd like to have breakfast ?
what 's breakfast supposed to be ?
shall i get something to eat ?
oh , will you give me breakfast ?
please , shall i prepare breakfast ?
hey , shall i get you something to eat ?
shall we get him some breakfast ?
and will you come for breakfast ?
shall i have you all breakfast ?
i 'll make you breakfast .
the way you look at it is so you 're going to edo tomorrow .
it 's quite possible . . . you 'll go to edo tomorrow .
it 's a guess when you go to edu tomorrow . . . ''
you 're going to edo tomorrow , okay people ?
you 're supposed to go to edo tomorrow .
it 's a chance to go to edo tomorrow . . .
that 's my guess of tomorrow 's departure from edu .
we think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
a lot of people think you 're going to ed tomorrow .
it 's my guess , so you 're going to go to ed tomorrow .
one of the things trisha 's mind was to feel guilty and frightened .
trisha 's horror . both 's guilty .
terrible thoughts began to make trisha feel guilty , as well as afraid
and suffered from guilt , terror , and fear of trisha .
thinking about her fear makes trisha feel guilty that she 's scared .
trisha 's own guilty sense of horror and fear were alive .
trisha simi 's terrible fear was thought of as a guilt as a fear .
the woman 's horror filled trisha with guilt and fear .
she felt guilty at the same time that trisha was scared .
the thought of him was trisha 's guilt and fear gripping him .
$5,000 . that 's for 50 , right ?
those are and five thousand dollars to get me 50 .
it 's a guarantee . 5,000 's mine . 50 's the limit .
5000 is enough to get me 50 . . . the gold coin mine .:
$5,000 will be my 50th , okay ?
i 'm gon na get 50 bucks for 5,000 .
5,000 grand is a lot of money for me .
the guy gave 50 bucks for me .
the money 's gon na cost me 50 .
5 grand to get me 50 .
that 's . . . no time to think about sex !
'there 's no time to think about sex , ' he said .
there 's no time to think about sex . . . (. . . no more sex , period that 's not supposed to be there ! . .
'i do n't have time for sex , god forbid , but no other and no more thoughts of sex . '
there are now no time to think about sex !
now sex , it makes it impossible when we do n't have sex .
if i 'm talking about sex , that 's my time .
this is my only sex . . .
that 's what sex should be .
it 's useless when we think about sex .
sex competition does n't apply to you .
it does n't have to do with sex , it 's not going to be a competition .
that there 's no sex competition .
that 's not a sex contest .
but the battle for sex are n't a competition at all .
but sex 's not in the competition . . .
we do n't compete sex .
your sex is n't part of this competition !
sex rules , of course , no need to compete .
sex contest is n't such a thing .
had you not heard the king 's order ?
and you have n't heard his majesty ordered ?
you heard the orders of his majesty .
has n't hear the emperor 's order ?
had you not heard the king 's order ?
harry have you heard the orders of his majesty ?
have you heard the emperor 's orders ?
he has n't given up his majesty 's orders ?
listen how his majesty ordered it ?
is there something wrong with your majesty 's order ?
let 's lick him .
you do n't want a lick .
do i have licked for you ?
do you want to kiss him ?
lick where you want .
shall i lick this for you , sir ? ''
please , you want to lick him ?
wait , want to lick him ?
i 'll lick him .
hey , you want to kiss ?
what 's with this kind of greed ? ''
'then what is ? '
what is this kind of greed ? !
what could be so greedy about this ? ''
what will you do with this greed ?
so what am i supposed to do with this greed ?
what kind of greed do you have ?
all of this kind of greed ?
what is this , greed ?
why is this greed ?
we do n't tell people '' .
we wo n't tell people .
oh , our plan is for no one to know .
our plan is for no one to know .
no one will know us here .
our plan 's not to say anything .
our plan wo n't tell anyone about us .
our plan wo n't tell anyone .
our plan does n't mean we 'll tell anyone .
our best plan does n't tell anyone .
it had been a completely new experience for me to look at the game and everything .
it was a new experience for me to look at the game or the game and everything .
it 's a whole new experience to look at the game , the game itself , and everything .
it 's an entirely new experience watching games , both matches and others .
it was me for the first time , so it was a completely new experience to watch the game or the game .
it was my first experience with seeing the game or the game and everything .
the whole thing is seeing the game , the match , and everything .
it was a completely new experience for me at the game or the game and everything .
the whole experience associated with watching games and matches has been a new experience for me .
the game is completely different , new , for me to watch the game , or something like that .
which one am i supposed to defend ?
who do you fight for ?
the ones who would defend themselves
did anyone ? to defend himself ?
who had to defend himself
one who can defend himself
and who should be defended ?
who 's the one who should be defended ?
who 's the one defending ?
to whom he must be defended
so all of them have screamed . . .
so everyone was screaming !
there 's still a lot to shout .
so many other people cried .
and everyone cries when they hear it .
the crowd is screaming to shout . ''
everybody there .
people shout .
people shout it .
they do n't all scream .
the imperialist country does not need such thinking to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country can use such a mindset as justification for economic greed
the imperialist country justifies that mindset .
indeed , imperialism in its imperialist countries can use such a mindset as justification for economic greed .
the greed of an imperialist state may be justified in this way .
for imperialist countries , such thinking serves as justification for economic greed .
the imperialist imperialist had a similar mindset here to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country ( imperialist country ) may use this mindset as justification for its economic greed .
justifies the economy needs these two imperialist countries .
the empire can use this mindset to justify its economic greed .
for everyone involved in the protection of the minister 's visit .
everyone focused the security .
everyone focused on the security of a foreign minister 's visit .
there was a secretary visit so everyone focused on the security .
people just needed to focus on the security of the minister 's visit . ''
everyone ready for a visit to the secretary of state . ''
everyone focused on !
everyone focused ! . . they were all . . . the secretary of state 's visit .
all attention was needed on the security of the minister 's visit
everyone is focused on the security of the secretary of state . . .
regarded not as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
do not see the problem as a solution
it has no meaning to look at it as a problem or as an opportunity for a solution .
see . . . two problems . .um .
see . . . as a problem , as a chance to solve it .
i do n't think he 's a problem , i see him as an opportunity for a solution .
consider him a problem , consider him an opportunity for solutions . . . ''
do not look so much as a problem , look at it as an opportunity for a solution . . .
let 's not look at it as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
it 's not a problem , it looks more like an opportunity for a solution . ''
is that just us that do n't find it funny ?
did we just say it was n't funny , it was just us ,
we have such little friends , we 're no laughing matter .
'our number is the only one , i do n't think it 's funny .
we 're not the only ones who find it amusing , you will !
we tell them that it 's not funny .
we 're just the ones who do n't think it 's funny !
and the two others we thought and . . .
tell us about . . .
are we the only ones out there who do n't find it amusing ?
do you want to be a friend ?
want to be friends .
do anyone want us ?
be a friend and a friend will come to you ?
'friends ? 'said vimes .
someone 's going to be a friend ?
a man 's friend wanted us to be friends .
we'il be out of friendship ?
any of you guys out there looking for friends ? ''
everyone wants real friendship ?
where 'd you get that whitefish from ?
what about the whitefish ?
where was your fish ?
where does a white fish stand ?
what fish is he like ?
some kind of whitefish found in there ?
what if the whitefish is here ?
an idiot . then a whitefish ?
silly , where do whitefish come from at the moment ?
oh , really , what happened to the whitefish ?
that i ca n't do 300 milligrams of thorazine ?
that being unable to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine is impossible to do .
impossible ! '' he said , unable to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
how ca n't you do it without 300 milligrams of thorazine ? ''
if you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine , it 's impossible to say
you ai n't gon na be able to respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
being 300 milligrams of thorazine just was n't possible .
being 300 milligrams of thorazine failed , of course .
so how can you not respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine ? . . . are impossible !
to be unable to respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine ?
sabata kills the bandits , is right ?
sabata 's killing the bandits , right ?
sabata kills the robbers .
sabata was killing the bandits !
the sabata will be killed .
sabata belongs to bandits
sabata 's gon na kill the bandits .
it 's sabata to kill the bandits . ''
'the sabata sabata killing ' he said .
sabata 's killing .
we know it . i guess it 's you .
everyone here knows it .
yeah , everyone knows that .
everyone needs to know !
oh . everyone knows that .
everyone knows your life story .
everyone knows something .
everyone here knows it .
yeah , everyone knows that .
everyone knows something .
and he 's not afraid of death .
you 're gon na be scared of death . no .
you do n't give a shit about death .
you 're not scared of death at all .
you 're no longer afraid of death .
you 're not afraid of death either .
well , you 're not so afraid anymore .
it 's not so bad to be afraid of death .
people have n't been afraid of death for so long .
'you no longer have to be afraid of death .
it was gotten a little weird in the neighborhood .
two things were said
things happened and it was getting a little weird .
some things take it in a weird way .
around one , some stuff was weird
some things were gone for a while .
it went on a bit of a weird thing .
'things were kind of weird around the house .
lately things have gotten really weird .
the circumstances can be described as being a little strange
well , it 's never sold out , right ?
they were banned from selling newspapers .
well , they were real selling newspapers .
the printing press was never .
their newspapers have never sold .
they 've sold no newspapers
not once did he sell the paper , and he sold it to us .
they did n't sell the papers , they said .
they did n't sell the papers .
they did n't sell the papers .
the son of a bitch is back !
the son of a bitch is on his way .
he 's the son of a bitch !
sons of bitches . behind you , bastard .
the bastard is ! ''
the sons of bitches are coming .
i 'm not madder than that bastard .
he 's back inside !
 son of a bitch came back . . . !
the son of a bitch is coming .
i have n't liked a tough girl .
you 're not liking tough girls . . .
you 're not like that . . .
you hate the girls !
'he hates hardness . '
you 're a tough guy like a tough girl . ''
you 're not your girls . . .
she does n't like tough girls !
the girl likes , hard .
you 're not tough .
$1,000 to everyone in lucky seven , right ?
why do n't we go to lucky 7 ?
you 're going to put everything on lucky 7 . do n't you think ?
i 'm going to go to lucky seven , did you say that ?
would your bets be lucky 7 or what ?
shall we start ?
are you ready for 7 ? let 's go to lucky 7 .
would you like everything to be lucky 7 ?
did everyone get lucky 7 ?
you 're not giving up on lucky seven , are you ?
in that case , burton had orders to wake up the others .
the rest burton depended on him to wake up as soon as possible .
the decision made burton to wake up the rest of them .
burton had a long , long way to go to wake up the others .
burton 's depended on his ability to wake up the rest .
the others were also expected burton to wake them up .
there was a need for burton to wake up the rest of them .
burton was still in charge of him , waking up the others , making sure everything was going according to plan .
burton was counting on him and woke up at the right time .
burton depended on him and woke everyone else at the right moment .
we do n't have coffee .
a bowl of coffee is . . .
we 'll have colored coffee . ''
the cups of flavoured coffee
we do n't have coffee .
hey , there 's coffee out there !
it 's creamy .
we have coffee . . .
that 's coffee '' .
we got out of the coffee .
also , the nice rifle is .
yeah , it 's not shotgun either .
there 's an old rifle .
is he good too ?
this is my shotgun .
there 's an old rifle .
same shotgun all over .
in even this is good shotgun .
he has a nice rifle .
the same shotgun is going to the house .
that 's one of the best . . . last movie .
that 's my favorite movie .
'never saw such cinema . '
i did n't see a better film . ''
it 's the best movie you 've ever seen !
you never see a better movie .
people saw a better film than me .
it 's a great movie , i 've never seen before
a lot of movies . i 've never seen a better movie
'there 's a better movie than that , ' said vimes .
someone seems to have sent her a real killer . . . ''
they do have to be sent by a real killer
one , he seems to have been sent by a real killer .
that might be one of them , sent by a real killer . . .
may have been sent by a real murderer
someone thinks he 's sent her , maybe a real killer ,
one possible option is via a real killer .
i have a possibility he 's sent a real killer .
one the possibility is that he was sent by a real murderer .
one the possibility is that he was sent by a real murderer .
and be scared of me . ''
that would upset me . ''
i 'm angry about the fear .
he scared me and i 'm upset too .
'shut up my scared tears for anger .
for fear i was pissed off so much
the fear makes me kind of upset .
and taking care of the fear is what makes me furious .
and i 'm angry about the fear . ''
to be afraid is to be angry .
i understand that you will treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies .
i do n't want you to treat my deputies the way you treated me .
i just found out you 're going to treat my deputies with the same courtesy .
i 've seen you treat my deputies with the same courtesy . ''
good . i see you 'll treat me the same courtesy as my deputies . ''
no , i will not . . .
letting me know that you will treat my deputies with the same courtesy
i want you to treat me the same courtesy as my deputies . . .
i see you 'll treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies . . .
i 've seen you treat my deputies with the same courtesy .
there 's a kind of peace in that loss that 's divinely quiet .
while he 's gone , he 'll find peace . inside him is divine calm , take over his soul .
but this loss filled him with peace , god 's quiet .
the loss one serenity of god 's quiet .
the only consolation loss is the peace and quiet of god .
this loss brings peace , and god 's quiet inside .
when this loss is lost , god places are only one calm .
this loss is , in its own way , the divine one of peace .
it 's a loss of peace , serenity , and also god 's peace .
to lose such a loss , it 's divine and quiet places .
baseball is new , they think like i do .
the first league of baseball is now thinking exactly the same as i am thinking of myself .
the u . s . first league thought like me , the first league in baseball .
league of first league thought i did n't think so .
the first first league is dominated by me .
the first league 's first thoughts in baseball were created me .
it 's a first league , it 'es a league that thinks like me .
mr . baseball 's first league is my opinion . . . similar to mine .
there 's such thinking in the first league
yeah , baseball 's first league thought i did .
purchase has a forecast ,
do we have a forecast of purchases that exist ?
estimates of the sale were planned ?
buying forecast has an existence ?
you knew there was a purchase forecast ?
anyone had a purchase forecast ?
'is there a forecast for sale ? '
what 's the purchase forecast now ?
is n't pricing planned for sale ?
so far , it 's a better buy ?
i did n't want to eat .
well , sure you did n't starve me .
not for the hunger .
i did n't die of hunger .
i do n't want to eat .
no . i do n't want to eat .
i do n't want to eat .
but i ai n't hungry .
no , you did n't feed me .
no . i do n't want to eat .
you 're taking part , mrs . nehru .
you part of it , mrs . nehru ?
how 's it going , mrs . nehru ?
do you involve ?
even the involvement of mrs nehru ?
is it you , nehru ?
did you , nehrua ?
is that mrs nehru ?
it 's a nehru ?
you 're a pretty involved lady ?
others to make another mistake ?
. . . attempts to make another mistake ?
there are other miscarriages of justice ''
another mistake in court ?
further judicial misconduct ?
another mistake in court ?
apologies to another judicial error ? ''
another blow to the court ?
'something 's wrong ' ?
another mistake in court ?
you '' want to say , but now are they all of mine ?
i 'm the one ? ''
you mean , the things are going on with me ?
you 've got everything from me ? ''
you 've got everything from me ? ''
you do n't think i have everything with me ?
are n't you just the whole thing mine ?
you mean everything from me ?
'you mean ? ' was the whole thing ?
do you mean . everything belongs to me ?
stop , dickhead ,
come , stop the bullshit and come out .
you can go away if you 're an asshole . ''
'enough bullshit ! ' said vimes .
stop 'cause you 're an asshole , no , no .
stop acting like an asshole
shut the hell up for dick
come , dickhead . ''
hey , dick up .
quitting , '' he said with a smile .
dad smoked it out while his mother was pregnant .
dad went to bed with his pregnant mother .
in the pregnancy of my mother , dad smoked a lot .
he smoked even at the time of his mother 's pregnancy .
the father continued to smoke until he was pregnant .
when my mom was pregnant , dad smoked a lot of weed .
as my mother was pregnant , my father smoked the same as me .
when my mom was pregnant , dad was on his way out .
dad smoked a lot of weed while he was pregnant .
dad gave up smoking when his mother was pregnant .
you 're not the only one lucky .
your husband is lucky .
are you looking for luck ?
you know , the guy is a lot of luck .
you 're one of the lucky ones .
you 've been out of luck all the time .
do you know how lucky you are ? ''
you 're my luck and i 'm yours . ''
you have your luck on your side .
the man was a lucky born , right handed man .
oh , i ca n't tell you what 's going on !
i 'm not stopping .
i do n't have a break !
i 'm . . . unable to stop !
i wo n't stop !
i ca n't take it anymore ! ''
it 's not supposed to stop .
i wo n't stop ,
i 'm not stopping . . .
i wo n't stop !
let innocent people be in danger
he puts innocent people in danger ?
do you put an innocent life in danger ?
put an innocent man in danger , do n't you think ?
i put two innocents in danger when they were innocent .
why do n't you risk an innocent life ?
endangered life chances by threatening
putting innocent life in danger ?
danger in putting innocent people in danger ?
danger posed by innocent lives
how foolish he is !
look how crazy he is ! '
wow , he 's so crazy .
how foolish he is !
what a crazy thing he was .
as you can see , the madness is .
how crazy does he have that ?
it was too crazy for me .
what if i thought that was crazy ?
and what a crazy thing to do .
so the motive is not written ?
'why not write his reasons ?
why does n't he write his reasons ?
why did he not write his reasons ?
like writing his reasons ?
'why do n't you write his reasons ? '
why do you write his reasons for not writing them ? ''
why do n't you write , one '' , motive ? ''
why did n't he write to explain his reasons ?
so i 'm from writing his motives . . .
malacandra remained no fear .
no one else feared .
malacandra did n't even have anything to worry about , except for oyarsa .
but his concern was nothing left for malacandra , except for oyarsa .
nothing else bothered him when he was in malacandra , apart from oyarsa .
then nothing had to worry about in malacandra other than oyarsa .
no one else had anything to worry about in malacandra , except oyarsa .
malacandra then had nothing to fear other than oyarsa .
and malacandra had n't had anything to worry about except oyarsa .
malacandra did n't even have to worry about anything other than oyarsa .
i promise it 's okay if you 're late , okay ?
be careful and you 'll be late .
just come on and wait .
that 's right . be careful about not being late .
take care of yourself , and you 'll be late .
do n't worry about being late , okay ?
just make sure it 's not too late .
just hurry up and be late .
be careful not to be late
just be sure it 's not going to be late .
pain pain has caused fury .
pain strike , new angry anger was born .
'pain gave birth to fury !
pain did n't rage !
pain ignited his anger .
and then there was the pain .
pain was giving up fury in the beginning .
pain was born of anger .
his pain has caused fury . he has reignited it .
so the pain was born of anger .
'that was barrenger molesting a little girl , ' are n't they ?
look , you just got out of town to barrenger molested that girl .
the little girl '' barrengers are in there , molesting her .
you went to barrenger and molested a little girl . . .
the barrenger had molested a little girl
you took barrenger and little , now you 're gon na have a little girl .
you 've got barrenger 's molesting a little girl ! '
your barrenger raped a little girl .
'you came here , barrenger , '' are you molesting little girls ?
you said barrenger was abusing a little girl .
bring your girl in nine in the evening .
you 're going to bring the girl home , and she 's going to be nine .
that 's nine o'clock in the night .
you bring me little girl to nine in the evening .
you bring girls to 9 00 in the evening .
well , you bring in a girl at nine in the evening . ''
you 'll come back at nine in the evening . ''
you 're taking the girl to 9 00 in the evening .
you 're taking the girl to nine in the evening .
you bring a girl to your house at nine when she 's gone .
when i was young , i used two wars .
then i was interested in the war .
youth and i go together . i took it when it came to war .
i was a youth i was courted by war ''
'grow up . . . i was courted by war .
at my age , i have been courted by the war .
and in my youth , i have been courted by the war !
even in youth , i sought out the war !
to be young , i fought for the war .
all the years i was young . . . i was courted by war .
you were too smart for that .
how smart he is !
hey , he 's so smart .
how much have you two been smart ?
what a smart thing you did .
how smart is he ?
i 'm so smart .
it was so smart that you called me .
what if i thought that you were so smart .
and what a smart thing to be .
it removes the mask so it can be permanently removed .
to delete the mask , remove the mask permanently , and to remove the masks permanently .
can delete mask and permanent removal
removing the mask will be permanently removed .
mask was not removed and removed permanently from the body .
i removed the mask until it was permanently removed .
taking off the mask , permanent deletes .
once again , removing the mask is removed , and permanent removal masks .
removal mask means it will be permanently removed .
you remove the mask for permanent removal .
and if it were up to me , we would go to merlin .
if i do n't have to choose , i 'm going to take merlin .
if i have to choose , i 'm going to take merlin with me !
obviously , if i have to choose , they want me to take merlin .
if it were up to me , i would take merlin . ''
if i had a choice , i would have taken merlin . ''
if it were up to me , i would have taken merlin .
if i had a choice , take me !
obviously take merlin on my own , but i 'm gon na have to choose .
if it were up to me , i would have taken merlin .
every friend wanted to have sex with a virgin .
you said that because your friends also love virgins ?
your friend would have slept with the virgins .
every friend does n't want to sleep with a virgin ?
you were also interested in having sex with the virgins ?
i 'm sure your friends also want to sleep with virgins , huh ?
you 'd like to have sex with a virgin too , would n't you ?
you also got virgins ?
who wants to sleep with a virgin ?
you also had virgins in love with your friends ?
then one of our games is . . . playing a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
so let 's play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
so what we 're going to do is play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
the one that plays rock n'roll gave rise to a lot of energy .
the ways we play rock n'roll have been very strong and high energy .
yes , but we 're only playing a strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
i mean , we play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll , i think .
so now we wo n't have to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
yeah , what we 're doing is , it 's just a rock n'roll stronger .
we want to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll . ''
i 'm sure your mom will love this !
you 'll love it with your mom .
'oh , you 'll love it , '' mama .
you 'll really love it when your mom says
if you do , it will be loved by your mother !
mom 's not gon na like this !
do n't miss your mom !
it 's going to love your mom !
it will be your mom 's love !
but you have a mama to love !
the one year old man evacuated us to the surrounding area .
the area you 're talking about . . . (. we 're evacuating the entire area .
the area will be evacuated immediately .
for the sake of this , the entire premises , which is closed , are now .
we 're ordered to evacuate the entire area .
we 're evacuating the entire area .
the whole , entire neighborhoods are evacuating .
there 's an evacuation .
everyone evacuating . . . everywhere .
one more whole will be evacuated .
which means you 're not listening !
'stop talking ! ' !
is that not listening ? ''
you 're not gon na listen .
wo n't be able to hear me !
oh , my god !
you 're not listening !
did you listen '' ?
you 're not listening !
you 're not listening !
look how weird this is . . .
how weird that is .
wow , it 's so bizarre .
how weird that is .
what a bizarre thing it was .
as it seems , the strangeness is .
how weird that is .
it was so weird it was .
what if i found out how weird it is ?
and what a bizarre thing to do !
he does n't have anything on the machine .
there 's nothing on the machine !
the machine from the machine is completely useless !
but , sir , nothing is here on the machine !
that 's nothing from the machine .
machine . . . machine is useless to me !
is n't anything there yet ?
my machine is without working .
i ca n't find anything on the machine . ''
machine '' on it .
that 's not listening !
they are simply mute .
they just do n't want to listen .
they 're trying to listen to me .
they just wo n't hear me .
they 're trying to listen to me .
'because they do n't listen . '
that 's true , i 'm just listening .
they do n't . . . they wo n't listen .
they have such no hearing .
do n't kick , start .
and kick that ass starts with an ass that 's got cement .
and kicks will begin with your ass , which will pour cement .
'to kick his ass , start what 's pouring cement
'the kicking , '' ass started with the kicking of cement .
is there a kicking butt kicking ass ?
a kick that kicks ass has been started by a kick ass that 's done cement .
next kick , ass .
so just a little kick that kicked ass started i guess when he was banging cement .
and there are kicking asses , like the ass of a cement trucker .
i 'm telling you . i heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
everyone to hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students .
the doctor 's already spread out on the internet , and one students are making jokes about him .
hear me ? and i '' doctor make their doctor '' students at the doctors ' school ?
have you heard of a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
have you heard a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students on the internet and compare them to a doctor ?
hear what a joke there is on the internet , about doctors , about students .
'have you heard of a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ? '
did you hear about the internet joke about doctors , about students , other doctors out there ? ''
listen , it 's not supposed to be a joke about a doctor , but he 's talking about a student doctor .
she 's best to let her mom be .
she 'll be careful not to let her mother out .
the thing who 's never gon na let her mom out
none of the things that will ever happen to her is left alone .
nothing is sure he 'll ever leave his mother alone .
do something she 's never done is going to be alone with her mom . . .
the only thing he 's not gon na do , is leave his mom alone .
never leave him alone with his mother .
all the same things do n't let her mom out
something that will never happen to her mother .
what a wonderful feeling it is !
now that 's one great feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling i have !
a very pleasant feeling to me .
that 's an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
those amazing feeling things .
'it 's an amazing feeling what 's going on . '
this will in principle be an evaluation of the test results and working .
in the process process there is more technical discussions , as to how to assess the results of the tests .
the selected technical negotiations are underway on the way to assess the results of the tests .
technical advanced discussions are underway regarding the evaluation of the results of the tests .
technical discussion processes have carried out on the way to assess the results of the tests .
the technical negotiations are in place for the assessment of the results of the tests and are not allowed to proceed .
technical negotiations are underway to assess the assessment of the results of the tests .
technical discussion is underway on the way to assess the results of the tests . ''
technical negotiations are underway regarding how to assess the results of the tests .
technical negotiations , in order to assess the results of the tests , are underway .
each different device is familiar .
everyone is so familiar .
they all know your various devices .
everyone 's familiar , devices .
he 's familiar with your various devices .
everyone one knows different equipment
everyone knows about your various devices .
everyone checks your various equipment and equipment .
do n't everyone know your various devices ?
no one knows things about your various devices .
mostly it happens during warm periods .
mostly it happens during warm periods .
it mostly happens to be in warm weather .
it occurs in . . .
because it is mainly a warm period .
it is mainly happening during warm periods .
this is especially true , '' in warm periods .
the period is usually warm and humid
it is not in the case of warm periods .
it is usually possible at a warm time .
bears had nothing to do and took the ramp off .
bears wo n't have a gramophone .
they do n't have a rap ramp anymore .
the bears have no solo drive .
i do n't think bears have a rap ramp .
the bears did n't have a gramophone there .
no great ramp or bears are built for it .
the bears are not that they have a raucous ramp
the fucking bears have no gramophone bar
bears did n't , rap !
it 's all yours .
take your whole thing .
your own things ,
the whole thing .
'you everything . . . '
the one for you .
is this one up to you ?
oh , your everything .
it 's just your thing .
they 're for you .
and we do n't have that awkward silence for him .
and for the very least give us an uncomfortable silence .
and we can keep this awkward silence and no one will disturb us .
at the very least , i 'm going to keep this awkward silence .
at least the silence could be avoided .
so we kept silence !
well , at least silence be shut for a while .
at least now it 's not an awkward silence .
so for us to keep this awkward silence .
at the very least , we ca n't keep that awkward silence .
but , when it comes to it , you 're not gon na be easy .
this is not easy work .
man i had it hard .
that 's gon na be tough . . .
that 's gon na be tough . . .
'that would be tough . '
if you do n't mind , i 'll do it .
that would be difficult ,
how hard ,
it seems to me that this is difficult . ''
visiting home tonight really bothers me , even if you 're late .
your visit is annoying at night , and at night .
and your evening 's bothering me .
and it annoys me about the evening visit .
well , the extended visit does n't make me uneasy .
your evening 's grumbling .
'and your late night comes to . . . ! '
and that night visit annoys me !
and you 're making me uneasy about your evening visit .
and your overnight visits were bothering me .
one minute to go . . . kill her in half an hour .
then i 'll kill her in half an hour i think
murder in half .
wait till half , half an hour after .
not to wait for half the way , that would kill her in half an hour .
kill her in half an hour .
well , kill this in half an hour .
nobody 's waiting half the way , they 'll kill her 30 minutes later .
you 're better not to wait for half an hour to kill her .
please kill her in half an hour .
but when they were talking about tramps , it was something on everyone 's mind today .
i 'm sure it sounds like a trend for all these women today .
but i do n't think we 're supposed to talk like tramps today . ''
sounds like a girl 's habit right now . talk .
however , there are now such talk of tramps as a habit for all women today .
i 'd like to say that today , all women talk like tramps .
but being able to talk like a whore seemed to be the norm today for every woman .
but that 's probably what all the women are talking about today .
although she talks like a whore . . . that seems to be the custom of all women today .
but the talk is about hookers , which seems to be the usual thing for every woman today .
but these conditions however , everyone 's smiles were filled with pride .
however , there is a smile on their faces in these hellish conditions .
the smile always wears pride in spite of these terrible circumstances
despite the terrible circumstances , i smiled at them and continued to smile with pride .
however , the most miserable situation had always been a smile of pride .
despite one i had a smile on their face , even in these terrible circumstances they were always proud .
despite these dire circumstances , they were smiling with pride .
even in these horrible circumstances . . . their smile was always proud
he 's been in such dire circumstances his smile always was prideful .
he 's been in this hellish situation all the time . he has been smiling proudly in spite of this .
two things must happen to him in a witch way , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid
the drinking of hydrochloric acid in the form of damon .
of course , it 's explained by a witch , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
i 'd probably have to explain some kind of magic , but . . . damon drinks hydrochloric acid .
you got ta have a witchy explanation for that , the damon one drink hydrochloric acid . . .
he had to have a witchy explanation . . . but in fact he drank hydrochloric acid .
one watery one and damon people must drink from hydrochloric acid .
well , i guess there 's some kind of magic explanation for that , damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid , really just corrosive .
he must have some kind of mystical explanation , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
then i guess there 's some kind of magic explanation .
it was assumed that there would be no violence .
your only concern was making sure there was no violence .
you should n't have ensured that there was no violence .
should have ensured that there would be no violence .
you had n't taken any chances with violence .
should have ensured that there would be no violence .
looked at the violence
did you check your violent . ''
he was supposed to make sure he did n't commit violence .
you were looking for violence , sure nothing .
not an exact number was
however , exact number has been found .
that was n't the exact number of dollars .
he could n't pinpoint the exact number .
those were exact number numbers .
the so called exact number did n't have an exact number .
there 's no precise number for that .
there never was a precise number to be found .
however , it has been determined without precise numbers .
i 've been asked . the exact number has not been found .
so back , let 's lunch .
shall we go to eat again ?
then shall we go to eat ?
is there any lunch for us ?
we 're going to have lunch again .
shall we go for lunch , then ?
so the best thing to do is go for lunch ?
then for lunch is going to be ?
'then we 'll have lunch again ? '
so . . . hey , for lunch . . we got a little old when we came back .
can i ask dave to play tonight ?
will he play the whole night ?
. . . the dave will be performing today ?
the night that dave is supposed to play is gone
will dave play at night ?
will dave play the whole night ?
that 's where dave 's going to play tonight ?
will dave play today ? ''
will dave play at night ?
will dave play the whole night ?
hey , wish you luck .
hey , get back on your luck !
a toast to luck .
wish for luck . ''
good luck to you .
wish for luck .
good luck with that . .
good , just being luck .
all in luck .
a good luck even for you .
now we have to acknowledge that i was happy to work with you both .
i just have to say it was an honor to work with you both .
what i do that , i have to admit i was happy to work with both of you
it 's what i have to say it was an honor to work with you two .
so what i have to say , mrs . harrison was a pleasure to work with both of you .
i have to admit it was an honor to work with you two .
of course , i have to admit i was happy to work with you .
i have to admit it was an honor to work with you two .
it is also out of my mind how much i was happy to work with you .
i have to admit , i 'd like to thank you for your cooperation .
are you hoping it 's gon na drain ?
hopefully . . . ? . . hope of a drain ?
so i hope to the drain no ?
hopefully , no shit that 's gon na drain ?
will i hope it does n't drain ?
so no one has told me the drain ?
i did n't drain ?
no , that 's down ?
no , you throw it out my drains ?
no gutsy , so hope .
i would be more likely to increase the number of deaths .
fear is a rapid increase in the number of victims .
in addition , i expect an increase in the number of casualties .
i 'm waiting for a rapid increase in the number of casualties .
otherwise , the state expects an increase in casualties rapidly .
but you can expect a rapid increase in the number of casualties
otherwise , that 's a possible rapid increase in mortality
otherwise give the state an early death .
otherwise we expect rapidly mortality .
do n't even expect a rapid increase in casualties .
'bank thinks it 's too risky ,
bank says you 're taking too much risk .
they think it 's too risky .
the bank says , sir , you ca n't afford to take too much risk .
well , i was n't at the bank 's thinking about that much risk .
there 's risk at the bank .
because banks think it 's too risky . . .
it 's probably a lot of risk for the bank . . .
the bank considers that this is too risky .
bank says it 's too risky ''
excused 's out there .
the apologies of him are here .
'he 's got an apology for that , ' he said .
last night of the examiner was a message to apologize .
there was just an apology . ''
'he 's here to apologize , examiner .
i should tell you . i 'm sending him an apology . ''
there 's a public apology here .
i 'm going to send him an apology .
does anyone want to apologize , my examiner ?
so much trouble will come up with the whole family ?
so , all families , all family ?
so let 's all make a family problem ?
you mean our whole family is going to be in trouble ?
we wo n't have a whole family in trouble , right ?
it 's all our family , right ?
the whole family of trouble is one ?
the family wo n't be burdened with any trouble ?
so all of our family will be in trouble
we 'll have a whole family in trouble ? ''
anything else can lurk this corridor ?
sounds like something is going to lurk down the corridor ?
i 've got something creeping up the corridor ?
a little thing to the passageway ?
anything number one does he see anything ?
our corridor is going to be something scary . . .
anything in the hallway lurked ?
something was in the hallway , creeping up ?
no one 's hiding anything in that hallway ?
anything lurk in the hallway '' ?
ekaterin created a mysterious figure , and created a secret system for sending mail .
the figure that has been created by her is a very mysterious one .
the mysterious figure created it has created a secret system of applications .
the mysterious figure gave her a name , and her people created a secret system in which they were sent .
mystery figures that have been created by her have created a secret delivery system .
it 's a mysterious little figure from her that created a secret delivery system .
the mystery figure created by her has been entrusted with a secret system of applications .
the mystery came from her and created a secret system for sending letters .
all the secrets she created her mysterious figure created .
the mysterious figure , the work of her , put people in a secret mailbox .
with just a little luck '' ?
if we 're lucky .
done , and lucky .
it 's for luck .
i mean , out of luck .
yes , it 's lucky
yeah , sure . we 're lucky .
we 're going for luck .
just for luck . ''
all because of the luck , huh ?
london lockdown . ''
do i have a closed london and all residents locked up in this place ? ''
we have a lock on london and all residents locked up in this place .
it 's a lock on london , and all residents are trapped in it .
the whole london , at this point , is closed and all residents are trapped there .
our entire london prisons , their entire populations .
the surrounding area was under lock and all residents of this place .
the whole of london is under lock and locked up .
all . parts of london are closed and all residents are trapped in this place .
do n't go to london , all the residents are locked up in this place .
don't give it up so fast !
and it can do it so quickly !
but nothing is going to happen so quickly !
this thing is neither quick nor fast enough . . .
that 's so quick , man !
it 's no hurry !
it 's not going to happen so fast !
it 's like it happened so fast !
that does n't happen so fast . . .
it ca n't happen that fast . ''
and as a reward award , the actress is not praised .
the electorate of the award wo n't like a brave actress .
awards voters do n't care about daring actresses .
voters of the award are not paid for daring actresses .
winning actresses who love the award .
'there 's a love for daring actresses .
for many voters awards will be , a brave actress .
there 's a passion for daring actresses for the award .
money does n't matter , as much as voters love a brave actress .
for high profile actresses , there are voters yearning for daring actresses .
it sought to integrate environmental issues into the policy dialogue .
environmental issues are also important to the commission 's priority integration into policy dialogue .
the integration of environmental issues into the policy dialogue is a top priority for the commission .
much of the commission 's priority is to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the eesc are focused on the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue .
environmental integration into policy dialogue is among the most important priorities of the commission .
access to environmental issues in policy dialogue is one of the main priorities of the commission .
the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue has been a top priority for the commission .
it takes more priority to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
further priorities include the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue .
'you have a failing student , ' that 's what you said .
'you 're disappointed , 'she said .
failed by pupils , do you ? '' said the boy in the corner .
'students will fail , 'said vimes .
'but you 're ' failing students .
'your students do n't do well , mr . ' he said .
you have a bad student . '' you had your failure .
you have a student failing , you have failed !
'you have a failing student , '' you failed .
'you fail . ' student failed .
'what 's your name ? ' he said indignantly .
what an idiot , really !
what kind of idiot did you become ?
how an awfully stupid son of a bitch you are .
what an idiot you are .
what an asshole you are .
what an idiot . . . to be !
what an idiot , such an asshole . . .
i 'm an idiot !
hey , what an idiot you are .
does it sound like i 'm gon na murder my best friend ?
tell me . do you understand i 'm not gon na murder my best friend ?
i killed a friend of mine . you did n't . this . . .
i killed my best friend . do n't you get it ?
i 'm not gon na murder my best friend and i do n't care .
i 'm not gon na murder my best friend . ''
i 'm not gon na murder my best friend . ''
that did n't happen to my best friend . who was n't murdered ? what happened to you ?
so better be clear that i 'm not gon na murder my best friend .
fuck my friend , do you really think i 'm gon na kill him ?
it 's the real architects and all .
the real beauty is really done .
'there 's a real nice guy '
this is from the architect .
it 's an architect . . . really nice .
i 'm an architect , really nice , and everything !
just like an architect really nice .
the architect is a real nice .
it 's great . . . really . nice . . used and such such thing .
the architect is really nice and everything .
he 's beautiful , he looks great . ''
you 're looking great . you look great .
i 'd like , she looks beautiful .
i love him , that does look good .
they 're supposed to look great .
would you like him ? he looks great .
and he looked great .
you 're looking great .
yeah , they look like great .
look the way he looks .
that was no engine for him
that was an engine .
did you have an engine ?
we 've been told he does n't have an engine .
'do you have an engine ? '
'he does n't have an engine . '
the engine is gone
he had no fucking motor !
has no motor
that was without an engine .
making it hurt him and my feelings ,
the thought of pain in comparison to my own feelings
this will hurt him and my feelings !
it would hurt him and my feelings !
you 're still here and hurt my feelings !
i do n't want to hurt him or my feelings .
that 's how i feel about him .
and this will hurt both my feelings . . .
and this would have hurt him and my feelings '
he'il hurt everyone what i feel .
will it be fifty ? ''
we 'll give him fifty . ''
a lot of 50 . ''
we 're going to be 50 . ''
now we 're making 50
we 'll end up shooting
we 'll still have to be 50 !
we 're on our way and is 50 per cent
it 's supposed to be 50 .
we 'll make it 50 grand !
i had no idea !
i never knew to anything !
it was n't my idea !
i do n't know about it .
oh , i do n't know . . .
i had no idea ! ''
i have n't known
it was n't my idea ! ''
'i did n't know . '
i did n't even know anything about it .
oh my god , the planet xene will save captain wobbo !
we will allow the planet xene to save captain wobbo .
our planet xene will be saved by captain wobbo .
i 'm sure the planet xene will save captain wobbo .
the entire planet is saving captain wobbo .
that the planet xene will save captain wobbo .
you know , one planet the xenon is on board and wants to save captain wobbo .
'planet xenon will be saved by captain wobbo . '
planet xenon is saving captain wobbo !
planet xenon will be saved by captain wobbo .
what about a look at her today ?
how about we take a look at her today ?
so today i wanted a look around for her ?
so nice , and you want to see her around today ?
'how nice you to see her today ? '
'it 's still possible , 'said vimes .
for example , today i plans and look at her around .
are you taking today around him ?
what would you say to her , today ?
how come i see him today ?
and without country , u . s .
'no country will '
no country can become a third world country !
no country is a third world country !
that no country belongs to the third world .
. . . that no country belongs to the third world .
no country has the right to be third world .
country . . . '' will be no third world country !
we 're no country . ''
nothing will become a third world country !
and he 's not dying so fast .
you 're gon na die so fast ! no !
you do n't kill yourself that fast !
you have n't died so fast !
you 're never going to die so fast .
you 're not capable of dying so quickly .
you 're no longer quick .
you got ta die fast !
people have n't died so fast in my life .
'you no longer want to die so quickly .
you 're screaming me .
it 's true .
those are your screams !
and you 're screaming .
the scream you gave me .
your scream is as loud as possible .
your screams are on me
screaming is telling me .
you heard me scream . ''
your scream is yours .
two weeks ' not enough .
i do n't think it 's enough for two weeks .
there 's nothing for two weeks .
let 's not talk about anything for two weeks .
it would have been enough for two weeks . ''
nothing does take two weeks . ''
because nothing ever lasts two weeks . . .
two weeks are short .
nor is it sufficient for only two weeks .
nothing lasts long in two weeks .
did paddics dance ?
paddick was dancing ?
did mr paddick a dance ?
has paddick danced ?
he danced 'paddick ? '
did the paddick dance himself ?
does the paddick dance ?
has mr paddick danced with you ?
mr paddick dancing ,
is the paddick dressed ?
one jokes at a time , you 're one for fun , right ?
does anyone ever make fun to you ?
can you stop making jokes . . . and carry on your father ?
there will be no jokes from you , father ?
can you just take this as a joke ?
tell me a joke , dad .
is it just fun or funny or dad ?
you 're not kidding me ?
it 's like you 're kidding me , my dear fathers , right ?
can you have some fun , dad ?
he had a day to forget .
it was a day i could n't forget .
days . . . never , days .:
it was a day that i could n't forget .
that 's my best day i 'll never forget . . .
he survived and never to be forgotten .
it happened that one day i wo n't forget .
this day was the one you did n't forget .
we never want to forget this day .
his time was one of those days , for he never forgot .
peter connelly was due to fly today ? was he supposed to fly tonight ?
i 've arranged for peter connelly 's flight tonight . . .
should have been on the plane tonight .
his name was peter connelly should have taken the plane today .
should have been on the plane tonight .
peter connelly arranged flights , for which he should have been on his way tonight .
peter connelly wanted to fly out of here today .
peter no longer wanted to fly this evening .
peter connelly said he should have taken the plane tonight .
peter connelly probably had the one that would have taken the plane tonight
you 're kidding me .
and make jokes
try to be kidding me .
let 's see if you 're kidding .
you know , you just have some jokes ?
and you want to be kidding me ?
'you 're kidding , '' am i right ?
will it be a good joke ?
let 's see if you 're kidding .
just kidding ? ''
may change the mood in front of him . . .
his mood could n't change anything .
it could change his mood !
mood 's going to change .
his mood may have changed .
his mood may change this in a heartbeat .
his mood does n't change anything .
yeah , his moods have different changes . . .
his mood is on the rise .
the man 's mood , right ? ''
11 to 11 . 3 goals here .
11 . 3 goals .
first strike , 11 years , three objectives .
all three objectives .
11 and three targets !
it 's gone down 11 . . . all three objectives
thunder , total objectives .
total of three objectives .
11 hits in three directions .
thunder 11 , total of three objectives .
they could do this . ''
so they can do it to you ? ''
they could go for it yourself ?
they could do this
they 're gon na do this ? ''
i do n't think they 're capable ?
they could do this .
they 're gon na do this ,
they could do this .
they could do this .
time for bed !
is bedtime yet you ?
will you sleep now ?
have a good night of sleep .
put some sleep down .
sleep , sleep !
sleep time soon !
we 're going to bed .
is everyone going to sleep ?
bedtime , one on one !
was it true that my friends were there ?
will you bring me here a couple of my friends ?
do you have friends there ?
did you come to see my friends ?
is that right there with my friends ? ''
hey , that 's my friends !
is he there ?
'he 's there ! '
it 's there ! ''
did the friends show up !
are you doing okay inside ?
good thing , ok ?
any more good inside ?
and everything that 's okay ?
all of you guys are okay inside ?
everything is in place .
everything okay with you ?
everything all right with you ? ''
all right thing done ?
are you all right inside ?
but it 's nothing '' helen feared .
no worries were made of helen .
but helena was n't taking it so seriously . ''
but the helena is n't worried .
of course helen was n't worried about it , the security helen .
but the fact helena had gotten out of it .
however , helen was in no danger .
but in the end , the helen was worried , but such things do n't matter .
the helena , however , was worried .
it certainly was n't a problem for helen .
which opens the door and leaves no prints ?
you know , he opens the door . he leaves you nothing , he leaves it somewhere ?
jim opens the door , he leaves you not ?
they 're just open doors ?
the only open door that she did n't leave any prints ?
the biggest surprise one who opens the door and leaves no prints ?
shut down the door , but not to leave a single print . . .
he opens the door , but he leaves no prints . . . ?
he opens the door and will leave no prints ? ''
that does n't open the door and yet ?
i only ordered ! ''
give me the orders , please , and commanded by your majesty , ''
'as your majesty commands . '
you command orders her highness !
your majesty , that 's clear !
one command one , you highness , one command !
as your majesty commands . . .
as the orders your majesty . . . commands me
as your majesty commands . ''
let 's do what your majesty commands .
complication is predictable !
she can all be predictable .
they 're predictable .
it 's predictable !
complication of course
her complication does n't have to be predicted .
they have such a predictable complication .
his complication is predictable .
his complications are predictable .
the complicated complication is predictable .
okay , we 're gon na talk about this .
okay , so we 're gon na talk about it .
we 're gon na talk about this .
then speak up .
we 'll talk about it . ''
okay , so , let 's talk about it , okay ?
we 're gon na talk about this .
i 'll then discuss it . . .
then we'il end up with that .
ok . so , we 're gon na talk about this , guys talk .
that 's our gym !
that 's our training center .
that 's what our gym is . ''
it 's our gym !
'it 's gym . '
it 's our gym !
that 's our gym !
here 's our gym
i want to go to the gym
that 's our gym . . .
and then she saw . . . then they all send her home to be ashamed .:
her mouth did n't move , and her mind flashed .
esk bit into her lip for a moment , as she imagined how they would send her home in shame .
and the idea of sending her home was reflected in esk 's lips .
esk bit her lip . jessica , thinking he was going to send her home in shame .
esk was biting her lip , and imagined sending her home in shame .
esk 's lips twitched slightly , and then she remembered how they would send her home , and she was ashamed of it .
esk did n't bite , and she thought she 'd be sent home in shame .
the old woman of esk bit her lip , then , saw him send her home in shame .
esk clung to her lip , suddenly aware of the fact that she would be sent home in shame .
we 'll still have south park , out of shadow .
will be cast in an eternal shadow .
southern park and the south park 's eternal shadow will fall into the ground .
southparking parks will be shrouded in eternal shadow .
south park will be shrouded in eternal shadow .
our entire southern park is going to be a perpetual shadow .
the south park will fall into the shadow of the world for ever .
south park will become a perpetual shadow .
even the south park will remain a shadow .
south park will lose its shadow for ever .
there 's no way you can have a chance .
the only chances are we 've got nothing .
there 's no chance he 's going to .
'there 's no chance , '' said outlander .
and there 's no chance that . . .
'you know there 's no chance . '
'i do n't think there 's any chance . '
no . . . you do n't have a chance to have any chance .:
you ca n't have any chance
there 's no way to have a chance
well , we all know the jasmine of the japanese can only be picked at night .
everyone knows what jasmine can do before the sun comes up .
everyone knew that jasmine would be picked up at dawn .
we all knew the jasmine , just before the sun came up .
i can only say jasmine can be picked at dawn !
i know , but we know and we know jasmine . . . when it 's dark .
we 're all aware of the fact that jasmine can only be taken before dawn .
everyone , jasmine knows you ca n't pick her up before dawn .
jasmine selection '' the only option before dawn .
we know that jasmine ca n't be taken until morning .
he thought of me and wrote my memoirs .
it was also why i wanted to write my memoirs .
we were involved in the writing of my memoirs .
writing written memories and were my main considerations .
when i wrote my memoirs , it was what i thought .
when i wrote my memoirs , it was something to consider . . . ''
in writing my memoirs , personal life has weighed heavily on me .
she came up with my memoirs and became my subject .
writing a record of my life will come in handy .
for writing memoirs i think it 's important .
make nothing more than , as vague as , say , an alien in hangar 18 . . .
think of it as another vague rumor , the same as , say , alien abductions .
otherwise , nothing like a vague rumor like an alien in hangar 18 would be added .
make it just another vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 , you know .
make , the air force reported an alien in hangar 18 as a further vague rumor .
okay , so now we find out . . . as another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
you do n't want to hear anything more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
give it for nothing more than a vague rumor . e . to an alleged alien in hangar 18 .
let it be nothing more than a vague rumor , but what 's supposed to happen to the aliens at hangar 18 .
you want to make it just another vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 ?
stand guard against vorbis regardless of where or when , do the same things
keep an eye on vorbis no matter where or when . . .
troops at standing by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday . ''
do n't worry , at any point in time , what he did last night with vorbis .
i 'm standing by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
does vorbis want to stand by him no matter where or what he wanted to do yesterday ?
now keep an eye on vorbis wherever and whenever he wanted to do last night
and stand by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
as i stood beside vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
stand up to vorbis no matter where or what he wanted to do at night .
stilgar realized that he could not answer the question .
his question was an impossible one .
stilgar found himself incapable of answering the question .
his mind says he ca n't answer that question .
stilgar had a completely different answer .
stilgar thought about it and found himself unable to answer the question .
stilgar realized that when the question came to him , he could have answered it .
stilgar gave rise to an impossible question .
stilgar had no such answer .
stilgar thought about it , as if he had n't answered , and suddenly found himself unable .
it was a really weird day . . .
we did n't have a really weird day . . .
it 's been quite an odd day . ''
'it was such a strange day out of me . '
has a strange day with you
one weird days ago .
it was an odd day .
the last few days were weird . . .
we have a weird day today . ''
it 's a really weird day ! '
miss the santa claus i ca n't keep going if i do n't find mrs . claus .
carol miss , santa no longer be .
miss carol , i ca n't stay here if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'm not going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
well , carol , i 'm going ' santa claus ' if i do n't find her .
we can be no longer santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i just do n't want to go to santa claus if i ca n't find mrs . claus .
i do n't want to go to santa claus until i find mrs . claus .
supposed to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
one mrs . i ca n't stay santa if i do n't find ms . santa claus .
and you 're in good shape , scooby doo . . .
is it okay scooby doo ?
ok , scooby .
hey , you still have a scooby doo ?
you 're all right scooby doo ?
is everything okay , scooby ?
is that scooby doo ? ''
you 're all right , scooby ?
all right , scooby ?
you 're okay scooby doo .
having a great view sunday on the main board
it 's sunday . he says there 's a great list on the board .
this sunday on the main board .
we 're doing great sunday , the list that 's here ,
we got an excellent list sunday .
we used to have an amazing leaderboard sunday .
we have an excellent list , sunday .
we got an excellent list sunday .
did you notice the big leaderboard sunday ?
did you see sunday ?
envoy no longer needs the commander ,
the envoy needed , the highest functions , for the commander . . .
one of the commanders the envoy did not need .
envoy no longer needs the commander . . .
had the envoy available to command the commander ?
mr . envoy is here . did the envoy no longer need the commander to command ?
other matters , higher commandos , dispatched envoy and no one from the envoy 's office .
but envoy had no commanders , including commander lewis .
envoy was without a commander at the moment .
present ! '' the envoy needed .
death . it 's better to die .
i 'd rather die .
kill me . i 'd rather die .
i 'd rather die .
he was dying , he just wanted my dead .
i 'd rather die .
i prefer to die !
my death is preferable .
i 'd rather die .
i prefer deaths here !
what monsters can do that ?
what a monster can do that ?
what kind of monster do i think ?
how big could i be ?
hey , what kind of monster is on that ?
how could this be , done by a monster ?
what does monster not have to do ?
what kind of monster do they do ?
what kinds of monsters can do that ?
what monster can he do that ?
that was a telegraphed with us
that was a telegrapher .
we killed a trapper !
this is a captured telegrapher .
we killed a trapper !
we 've killed him !
we killed an informer !
the telegrapher has died
we killed a trapper !
kill him a telegrapher for . . .
it 's a unit that can be found in all processors because they 're math .
and because of this unit , i 'm able to find all processors because they 're math .
we can find such units in all processors , because they 're math .
and it 's possible to find such a unit in all processors because they 're mathematical .
and this number of units exists in all processors because they can do math .
computer processors have this unit because they can do math .
'he can find such a unit in all processors ' cause he 's doing math . '
this unit exists , he 's one of every processor 's mathematical calculations .
one of these units are found in all processors because of their math .
this unit was found in all processors , so one can do math .
, but there are no easy ways to remove physical and emotional scars .
injuries are easy to treat , but emotional scars are disappearing so quickly .
physical injuries on the body make it easy to heal , but emotional injuries simply do n't disappear .
the wounds ca n't be cured easily , but mentally ill turns out not to be so easy .
the body one healed from bodily harm but it disappeared with emotional scars .
body injuries heal easily . but . . . emotional scars disappear very quickly .
the wounds on our bodies are easy to treat but emotionally devastating .
the physical side of the body is in no way easy to heal the emotional scars are leaving us .
treatment of bodily injuries can not be easy , mental health issues , even if they disappear so easily .
injuries to the body can be easily cured , but emotional scars on their faces will leave them . ''
we 'll discuss mental health at the same time .
we 'll be able to discuss mental health .
i 'm going to discuss mental health .
we 'll talk together when it comes to mental health .
we 're going to discuss mental health today . ''
now look at the mental state today and discuss it .
we 'll be talking about mental health today .
'will we carry out a mental health survey today ? '
we 'll talk about mental health today .
we 'll discuss it today in terms of mental health
no , he 's back tonight .
and by night there will be time for him to come back .
and will he give him his evenings ?
he 'll probably come back tonight .
all right , of course , coming back tonight .
tonight is the night
there 's going to be a time tonight and . . .
by tonight 's scheduled for ' real ' , the men will soon return to their homes .
he 'll come back tonight . ''
this will be his day of return
how beautiful it is !
their kind of beauty was just so beautiful .
wow , it 's so beautiful .
what a really beautiful thing to do .
how much do you two have been beautiful ?
how beautiful it is !
how beautiful does it look today ?
it was so beautiful that i wanted to cry .
what if i found out they were beautiful ?
and what a beauty they are !
to my knowledge , there was much doubt about these investments .
it was also a lot of people 's doubts about the investment .
there was a lot of doubt , about these investments .
there was still a lot to doubt about these investments .
there should have been a lot of doubt about these investments .
this investment could be doubted by many people .
there was no doubt .
much doubt has already been raised about these investments .
there was a raised doubt about these investments ,
besides , i would have had some doubts about these investments .
we 'll forget about it . ''
there will be no one to remember . ''
you 're forgotten about this ,
we forget all about it .
we 'll forget that .
no . we 'll forget about it .
we 'll forget about him for a long time . . .
then all forgotten about him and all . . .
we 'll forget about her , and we forgot her .
he 'll be forgotten !
is there a helicopter ?
chopper 's not here !
we do n't have a helicopter .
has a chopper .
the chopper wo n't be here .
is flying again .
a helicopter is on its way .
this is still chopper .
well , that 's still chopper .
i have a helicopter .
different tastes complement each other . . . and their taste is perfect when you look at them .
different tastes complement everything , doing very well .
it 's a mixture of flavors , and it 'll be very tasty .
all have violets . such a better .
each flavor complements its own flavor , according to me .
no , you all . they 're all very complementary .
now you 've tasted all the flavors . all flavors have a great synergy .
all flavors will complement each other and that is great !
you know , just looking at all the flavors that are complementary to each other is great .
each has a complementary , excellent flavor .
with a wipe of dust from his gloves , adjunct headed north toward the border .
with the dust of his gloves wiped his gloves , adjunct headed for the northern edge .
adjuncts brushed and walked away from the dust as he wiped the dust from his gloves .
the adjunct wiped the dust a . k . o . adjunct began to walk toward the northern edge .
as the adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , the adjunct approached the edges
the adjunct then she was escorted by the adjunct to the northern edge of the camp .
right after the adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves he headed for the northern edge .
wiping the adjunct 's sweaty handbag dust , he was already headed for the northern edge .
after the adjunct wipees the dust off his gloves he headed for the northern edge of the camp .
with the dust gloves , the adjunct was walking along the northern edge when she stopped .
the escape has never been our option , appius said .
we did n't have to escape , 'appius barked .
'that was no longer a possibility , 'said appius .
no way we can escape , appius says .
'i wish we could escape , 'said appius .
'we were running out of options , 'appius barked .
we ran out unprepared , '' appius barked .
. . . and i thought we could n't escape , ''
adventurers have had no choice , '' appius has suddenly snapped .
we have , sir , we have no choice but to escape , '' appius barked at him .
do n't do anything to relax .
ok '' is a man trying to relax
calm down everyone to calm down
get lost , get lost .
taking it easy that 's all .
come on , calm down .
get out of here .
take your steps .
do n't even think about it .
do n't let it go . . .
it 's nothing to be afraid of , man , because your little dick wo n't be found
having a little dick , that will be enough for you , man , which will never find your little dick .
being a friend , you should be afraid of nothing , 'cause your little dick wo n't be found .
i 'm not worried about anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
no one gets scared of anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found
you have no bad worries .
no one has to be afraid of anything , man , because your dick wo n't be found .
having a little dick and nothing to worry about , man , 'cause he 's gon na never find it
no one worrying you about anything , 'cause your little dick wo n't be found
never , man .
we do n't have to . it ca n't work .
it ca n't work
it ca n't work . . . ''
this ca n't be true ! . . . ''
it ca n't work . ''
they do n't work ! '
it ca n't work . ''
then it could '' nothing more
it 's not going to work .
it 's not worked ''
he was carrying dollar bills .
is there a dollar ? ''
you took a dollar and a dollar .
you bring all the dollars ?
did you bring oh dollar ?
your bill . . . in dollar bills ?
you took just dollars ?
and you took the dollar bill ?
your dollar was present with you ?
he was carrying dollar bills .
i have a property page for s .
property could not get into properties page because of s .
unable to connect to properties page
access a real property page .
it could not be connected to the properties page because s .
unable to connect to properties page .
you ca n't connect with properties because s
it is also failing for properties to connect to properties .
only because s can be connected to properties .
. . . (PP (IN ) (NP (DT ) (NN ))) (NP ))PRP )) (VP (MD )(VP (VB ) (VP ))) (. ))) . . on the property page it could be connected .
anything . . . ? . . has happened to anyone ?
i was close to someone ?
'no one more to see ?
your friend said you saw something ?
anyone was seen on anything ?
anyone sees a thing ?
anyone else a little holler holler if you see anything
any other have seen anything ?
your friend saw something , right ? ''
someone saw something , but for you there wo n't be any more ?
there 's a lot of work to be done tomorrow .
for tomorrow there 's not much work to do .
there 's not much work for me to do in the morning . '
we have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
a lot can be done tomorrow , and tomorrow is much work .
it 's not easy for us to do tomorrow .
we 've got a lot of work to do tomorrow .
there 's still a lot of work to do tomorrow .
we have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
there 's a lot of work to be done tomorrow .
what 's so cute ?
what cute , eh ?
what 's one sweetened ?
that was how cute .
what 's so cute about that ?
the sweetest are they ?
how cute is that ?
what kind of cute was that ?
what 's so cute about that ?
and it 's not cute ?
well , i 'll ignore what you 've just told me . ''
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're telling me .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
'i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
. . . i 'll ignore what you 're telling me .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're telling me .
i was just gon na ignore what you were saying ,
. . . i guess i 'll ignore what you 're saying .
'i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying . '
as you have said , sir i ignored everything you said . ''
yes , muslim was dying for muslims .
muslims ' own people died in the war , muslim people killed .
mr . muslim killed the muslims .
muslim killed muslims , as if they were human .
the muslims killed them and killed them .
muslim people killed muslims , that killed for them .
mrs . muslim 's own brother killed .
muslims were dead on muslim .
muslim they killed muslims , so they killed them .
the muslims died because of them .
will be operated on , or he will die ! '
'he must be operated on , or he will die !
otherwise he will be operated or he will die !
we 're going to have to operate , or he 's going to die .
no . he must have an operation , or he will die .
did we have him operating , or he would die ?
we 'll put an operation on him or he 'll die . . .
then an operation must be on him or . . .
he must have an operation , or he was a death .
he 'll be able to operate or die !
t . s . turkish fell into an ambush ? ''
your turk caught someone 's trap ?
turk traps that , do n't they ?
so the turks caught the trick ?
so far , the turk caught ?
turk caught some of the trap
the turk caught an ambush , what do you say ?
so the turks . . . they caught the trap ?
turk has been caught in a trap ''
turk fall into trap . . .
get descriptive words here .
please , find a description ?
i want to know a description ?
get a description of what ? ''
do you have a description ?
find a description ?
check out the descriptions .
to find a description ?
find some descriptions .
come describe some descriptions . ''
that 's just some jokes ?
there 's a joke going on ?
'maybe you 're kidding , '' jennifer answered .
you 're all joking around .
stop being silly . you'il laugh too .
you got ta be kidding me .
you must be kidding .
he 's joking .
'you 're kidding ! '
'you 're kidding me . '
such things will be difficult for me .
the meeting is tough . ''
okay , '' hard to say .
'very hard work , ' said nadir .
such things are hard things
hard pressed , of course .
it 's gon na be hard . there 's no point in doing it .
that will come in handy .
that would be hard .
now this is gon na be hard .
your eyes are on the man who killed your brother .
have you seen him , ever since he killed his brother ?
see your brothers . see mr . keith ?
did you see before your brother 's death ?
see , i 'm going to see this guy since my brother died
your brother saw the same thing the day after the death of your brother .
you see him have you seen him since his brother died ? ''
hey , he 's dead .
i 've seen him since my brother died .
do n't go see him since he killed your brother .
i 'm just throwing money away so i can feel strong .
the only thing was a waste of money , a strong feeling .
throwing money around was his only way of feeling strong .
there was no other way of feeling strong than throwing money away .
strong has been thrown around , and that 's been his only way to throw money away .
he was able to feel strong only by throwing money away .
the only thing left was a sense of strength if he threw money away .
the only thing , full of money , was like a strong feeling .
until now , the throwing money was giving him a sense of power .
he was able to feel strong only by throwing money away .
i 'm going to climb mountains and build a house .
we would have built a house in that mountain .
we would have built a house in that mountain .
we would go up to the mountains and build a house . . .
it 's a mountain , and we 'll build a house there . ''
we would go to the mountains and build
in the mountains and in the house ? ''
we would go to the mountains and we would also build a house there .
we 'd go to the mountains to build a house .
the house would climb out of the mountains and we would have lived there .
presentations need to be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
note , this is a presentation that must be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
the presentation is going to be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
will be saved before you record the presentation or start the broadcast . . .
presentations have been saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast . . .
before you record the presentation and start the broadcast , save it . ''
there did not need to be a record , a schedule , or start the broadcast . ''
record of the presentation , planned , or starting the broadcast must be saved before it can be recorded . ''
the presentation must be saved prior to the start of the record , the timetable , or the broadcast . ''
the presentation saves its before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
the main thing is we have to talk to my dad .
that 's going to be nice , we told your daddy .
but first things we need to know is your father .
what we 're gon na do is a father .
the best thing to do is talk to your father .
we'il talk to the father to get something out of it .
he 's talking a lot to your father . . . (. . . so the thing should be done .
we 'd like to talk to our father .
what 's going on , we should have talked to your father .
the one who wants to talk to his father .
the agency needs to strengthen its capacity . . .
however , '' germany strengthened its capacity , . what is needed to strengthen it .
further strengthening of the agency 's capacity , '' necessary to ensure that it is strengthened .
do n't underestimate the agency 's ability to expand .
it needs to be strengthened by the agency 's capacity .
capacities for the agency need to be strengthened , inter alia .
are we going to strengthen the agency 's capacity ? ''
to strengthen these capacities , the office must be strengthened .
it must strengthen the capacity of the office
we are sure that the agency will be strengthened .
decision 's not expressly permitting an extension of the deadline .
this decision is not clear in the application of the extension of the deadline .
not specifically will it extend the deadline under that decision .
such deadlines do not allow for an extension of that decision .
the decision may not be amended in any way to extend the deadline .
but decisions do not expressly allow an extension of the deadline .
decision does not stipulate that the extension of the deadline may be granted in specific terms .
that decision does not specifically allow an extension of the deadline .
the provisions of the decision do not provide for an extension of the deadline .
it is better to specify that the decision does not specifically allow an extension of the deadline .
that 's a nice young boy , huh ?
he 's a handsome young man , come on .
what a handsome young man !
what about the young handsome boy ?
what a handsome young man ! '
but what kind of young man . . . ? well , the young man must be a good boy .
what a handsome young man . . .
what a handsome young man !
looks like a nice young man like him
'what a handsome young man !
he spent the last minute seething with hatred that raged against all of humanity .
last to die would be a moment of seething hatred that raged at all human beings .
there have been moments of seething hatred that have engulfed all of humanity .
his last minutes had just consumed him hatred for all of humanity .
the last minutes did n't go to sleep and spew hatred at all of humanity .
his final minutes must have been filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
he spent the last few minutes seething with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
the last minutes desperately tried to drown in hatred and rage at all of humanity .
last minutes were filled with revulsion of hatred that raged against all of humanity .
he spent the last minute , seething with hatred , constantly threatening to destroy humanity .
so far running away from the fear of st clary 's vision .
because . fear st . clara will not see them .
will they run to the fear of st clary 's vision ?
they want to escape the fear of st . clary 's vision .
they do n't want to be afraid of st clary 's vision .
our saint clara is being chased away by fear .
there 's no way to escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
the st clara 's fearing .
running away from the fear of st clairvoyant visions .
do you run away just so st clary 's vision does n't scare ?
no i one gets anything out of it , so it wo n't hurt anyone . ''
fortunately , you 're going to be lucky , for you , nobody gets hurt .
with luck , no one will do anything to you !
number one is none of us out of luck .
number one gets no harm from luck .
fortunately , no one had to be injured .
with any luck , that nobody gets hurt !
out of luck , no one harm will be done .
fortunately , no one will be injured or in danger .
fortunately , we 're lucky not to hurt anyone .
the whole military effort going on .
great military effort has also contributed to our efforts .
there 's a very big military effort .
one great army working very hard .
american soldier 's work puts us in great military effort .
the military effort is , we can do it .
the military effort struggles too .
our combined military effort now focuses on the war .
united kingdom is not allowed to make any military efforts .
the military effort will be put in place .
his name is elena waiting .
he 's called elena 's waiting song .
'he calls it elena 's song , ' eager to wait .
so called , elena was still .
they call this elena waiting .
are you referring to . . .
he sings about elena 's wait .
his name is elena is waiting . ''
his name is elena wait . ''
his name 's elena . ''
let 's go to the damn ambush !
our path is clear to the damn ambush !
but we were ambushed !
our entourage was in a damn ambush right now !
i just met them !
so we just went to the damn trap !
and we only went when we were in a damn trap ! '
our trap was here !
our way . we 're in a damn trap !
but we entered the damn trap !
i have plans for the film .
i , i 'm planning on film .
i 'm planning on film .
'i have plans for the film . '
i intend to film .
i can plan the film with you .
i have plans for the film , please .
i know . . . i 'm planning on film .
i 'll plan the film .
i have plans for the film . . . ''
wait 10 minutes and then i 'm gon na have the same problem .
in fact , i 've been mysing mysing the same thing for the last 10 minutes , so does it . ''
i can do it in the last 10 minutes .
we 've been doing this for 10 minutes , and we 're gon na do it again .
'i 've had a similar problem for the last 10 minutes , and why ? '
take the last 10 minutes together , i have these problems
then the problem was similar to the last 10 minutes .
to be honest , i 'll have a similar problem in the last 10 minutes .
things changed . . . in the last 10 minutes .
things changed . . . ? . . in the last 10 minutes .
bay bay 's theory was not my first preference for two or three stages of life .
the next bay 's theory , two or three stages .
it is a better to use bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
in addition , it is all my preference .
that 's not my preference at all .
the theory of bay 's two or three stages of life . . . is on my side .
there is a preference for bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
bay on two or three stages of life , still not a priority .
consider bay 's theory of two or three stages of life is more appropriate now .
however , the theory of two or three stages of life is my preference .
when you said so you helped us .
helping and saying . . .
'good one ? 'you said in an interview .
'he helps us with that , 'he said .
when you helped us , you called more expensive .
you said to help us and did ?
you told us about your help and said .
you were saying good for us ?
'help us , you little man , 'you told me .
'help us ! ' you said .
it 's not yet .
technological progress in this area is only one step forward .
but i do n't have any technological improvements .
but today 's technology is all about improving .
but there 's still a technological improvement .
but there 's a technological improvement .
at the same time , technological advances improve .
but with the technologies , we still have a way ahead .
there 's not much improvement in technology .
but there 's a big improvement in technology .
didn't come to shershow 's wedding and i ca n't believe it .
'i do n't believe he 's going to have shershow 's wedding in front of me . '
i have no idea about shershow 's wedding .
it 's incredible that shershow 's wedding is in front of me .
i ca n't believe he 's gon na get married in front of me .
it 's hard to believe , shershow 's wedding is in front of me
i do n't know if shershow 's going to get married in front of me .
well , i do n't think shershow 's getting married in front of me .
i do n't know if he 's gon na get married in front of me .
it 's not my fault i 'm getting married in front of shershow
if you bite the dog , they 'll be executed !
if you bite the dog , they 'll probably execute you . . .
if you bite the dog , they 'll probably execute you . . .
if you bite the dog i 'm gon na execute you .
if you bite the dog , the end of the world will be yours .
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
and if you bite the dogs , they 're gon na execute you .
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
if bitten by a dog , i 'm gon na execute you .
if you bite the dogs , then they wo n't execute you .
we 're setting up . . . quality requirements .
i 'll tell you what we have in mind for quality .
i put in place some quality requirements .
the requirements have also been set for quality .
our requirements were made to quality .
our own criteria set reference to several quality requirements .
the quality has been set at several levels .
we have agreed on several criteria relating to quality .
we 're not setting any quality out .
look , sir . there are some quality requirements . there have been some requirements .
the mouth moves soundlessly
out of nowhere , his lips moved to his lips .
brock was moving his lips , no sound coming out of him .
and brock was moving his lips without a sound .
the brock put on his lips , made no noise out of it .
the brock lips lips movement has made no sound .
brock mouth opened no sound .
his own lips were open and silent without a sound .
brock moved his lips so he could not make a sound .
brock lips are open without a sound .
and what i 'm not gon na do is say your wife is a whore
what i 'm not gon na do with my wife calling her a whore . . .
what can i do , i 'll never call your wife a whore ! ''
i 'm not gon na tell your wife she 's a whore .
what i 'm not gon na do , he 's a piece of shit for your wife .
one hundred dollars would have been my wife 's bitch .
that what i 'm not gon na do with my wife 's cunt .
i 'm not gon na tell your wife she 's a whore .
but i was gon na keep calling your wife a whore .
what i 'm not gon na do is the only thing you call a whore .
does his submarine look like a ship capable of resisting the impact ?
do we have a ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
and will it be any better than his underwater monitor ?
this is the ship that will resist the impact of its underwater camera .
do we have a ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
does anyone know how the ship would withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
which one of the boats even resisted the impact of its underwater monitor
is any of the boats capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
is it a capable ship , like his underwater monitor i can handle ?
at least the underwater monitor we have can withstand the impact .
the truth is your best luck .
with any luck you 'll find out , and the right . . .
with luck i 'm on your right . ''
with any luck of your life . . . (. . . you 'll be . . a . . we 'll prove it .
will the luck of your luck prove your mistake . . .
luck today we 'll prove you 're right .
with a bit of luck ,
only once luck has proven its truth . ''
if you 'll be lucky . ''
a man made right out of luck that you 're right '' !
i guess it sounds like a terrible shriek , and it 's a terrible waiver .
there was a terrible shriek , which was accompanied by terrible wriggling .
everyone 's soundless .
there are sounds , the sounds making terrible shrieks , the screams and so forth .
terrible shriek , make a noise , it 's terrible excrement .
such noises sound like terrible shrieks and terrible waivers . . .
made it sound terrible shrieks and terrible exclamation marks .
it sounds like a terrible scream and a terrible waiver .
they make two terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
there are sounds of terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
did you wake ?
'we woke that . '
has he been awakened by our fearless journalists ?
have you awakened our fearless journalists ?
do we have a reporter ?
was n't he awake yet ?
was he a courageous journalist ?
was n't the brave reporter awake ?
someone woke journalists awake ?
have you woken awake ?
, maybe , the solution is to be negotiated .
and maybe the solution is in negotiations .
and maybe the solution is in negotiations .
there is a possibility of a negotiated solution .
a partial solution lies in negotiations now .
the solution of this can only be found in negotiations .
there 's probably a way to solve it using negotiation .
the solution is likely to be in negotiations
maybe this , uh , the solution is a negotiation .
perhaps , everything depends on negotiation .
it was too bad for you to be annoying .
your presence in the house was so annoying anyway !
hey , he 's so annoying !
what a really annoying thing to do !
how much have you two been annoying ?
what a nuisance for you . . . ! . . how annoying you are .
what do you mean , annoying ?
it was too bad you were annoying .
what if i found out you 're annoying ?
and what a nuisance you are .
that did n't sound very funny .
was there a real joke ?
you 've got to be kidding me .
it was a good joke .
you must have been kidding me
you did n't mean it !
you did n't mean it !
you did n't joke !
you did n't mean it ! ''
you did n't joke !
stealing cd from the cars .
in those cars of ours stole the discs from us no cd .
the car thieves , stealing cd . . . ! . . and steal car porn .
one car in particular , no cd in the car . . . as we 're stealing .
no cd in those cars , and will be stolen . ''
the cds in those cars , we 're not allowed to .
we did n't steal that cd in the car .
the bad guys in the car stole the cd we were stealing .
so many cd 's in those cars , it 's worth nothing .
none of the cd drives were there so we stole them .
my heart was really beating , and for her there was really something terrible about her .
did she feel like a terrible thing to me ?
in a terrible sense of her .
i was really sick of her .
i felt terrible for him .
i felt terrible for him !
i did n't feel very good about him .
i had a terrible feeling about him .
i had a terrible feeling about him .
it was my feelings .
have you seen jaws , the film ?
look at the movie .
are you all going to see jaws ?
to see jaws , in the movie . . .
have you seen jaws , the film ?
jaw in the movie , will you ?
mrs . jaws , the whole movie .
watch out , jaws !
so watch out , jagged ?
have you ever seen a movie with jaws , right ?
morak raised sword in front of him again .
morak raised the knife he raised .
'morak raised the sword again . '
there 's a knife raised in morak 's blade . ''
morak will raise his sword at any moment .
morak raised the sword ,
'i do n't know , 'said the mage .
morak says he raised his sword . ''
morak nodded , bemused raised his sword
did he still want to raise his sword ?
the results will be announced tomorrow at a banquet '' ones .
the president will be announcing it at a banquet tomorrow .
will be announced on the occasion of the feast tomorrow .
things have been announced for tomorrow 's banquet . . .
the doppelganger will announce tomorrow 's feast .
that he will announce tomorrow at a banquet . ''
he did n't want to say it at the banquet tomorrow . ''
tomorrow at the feast , said , i 'll tell him . ''
the president will announce it at a banquet tomorrow . ''
the president announces her at a banquet tomorrow .
it 's really amazing that i watched the film .
we did n't really look at it , but watching the film was an amazing experience .
and for me to watch the film . . . ? . . it was amazing
to watch the film , i could have watched it
and we look really at the film .
do n't let me see the film .
the opportunity to watch this film will come and see the film .
that 's a great movie to watch .
my eyes are not enough . we 'll watch the film .
so we watch that movie and it 's beautiful
unexpected , teresa thought , peter thought of such a thing .
it was unexpected , as if peter had ever thought of such a thing .
one day it did n't occur to theresa , and peter suddenly thought of something like this .
theresa was therefore surprised as much as peter thought of such a thing .
his reaction surprised theresa to think of something like this .
it was a surprise to theresa that peter had thought of such a thing .
it would not surprise theresa that peter would have thought of such a thing .
it came to theresa , who did not expect peter to think of such a thing .
his unexpected response made theresa surprised to think of something like this .
she was surprised . and she thought of peter . so unexpectedly he thought of something like this .
i 'm really happy to be here .
i ca n't believe you came !
i wo n't be .
i 'd be in big trouble for you .
i 'm really happy for you . ''
i ca n't thank you for coming .
i 'm really happy to be here .
and , i 'm gon na be happy to come .
i was glad you came !
i 'm really happy to be here . . . ''
the finals are in 57 seconds !
57 seconds left in the game . . .
57 seconds to the end and time to go !
he 's got 57 seconds on him now .
57 seconds from the end .
the clock is 57 .
57 seconds that 's over ,
57 seconds when it 's over ,
57 seconds , and it 's over !
57 seconds and closing !
nobody is spoken to when his friend stares at him .
nobody 's gon na say anything when his friend 's staring at him .
he could say nothing when his friend was staring at him .
nor does anyone say a word about the way his friend stares at him .
i 'll tell you something , no one will say a word when he 's staring at him .
man '' could say nothing when his friend was staring at him .
man '' could say nothing when his friend was staring at him .
nobody would be able to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
nobody would say a word when he looked at him like that .
dr . no words said .
the secret is what federal scientists are working on every day for research
scientists work around the clock every day to find out his secret .
keep his secret as federal scientists investigate , oh . . .
'so the secret of his secret is what federal scientists are working on all the time . '
'let 's keep an eye on his secret , which federal scientists are working on all the time . '
they 're all working to uncover the secret of the federal scientists .
keep her secret .
they 're investigating her secret , federal scientists working all day ,
they know how federal scientists are constantly searching for her secret .
scientists know what he 's hiding , every day that federal scientists were investigating him gave him his secret .
being here for a drink is the reason .
we have alcohol for that and it 's why .
we have alcohol for that , and that is why . . .
our liquor store is full . . . our drinks are what they 're for , and the reason is because of it .
we 're running out of alcohol . and we do n't have to .
 alcohol is not enough for us , which is why we have no liquor .
we do n't have any alcohol , and that 's why .
come on . . . we ran out of alcohol , just based on this .
we 're running out of alcohol and missing !
we 've got alcohol and we have to do it .
the sofia does n't give her son a breast feeding .
there 's no responsibility for your son 's breast feeding .
you did n't inherit your son 's breast feeding .
i ca n't take care of your son .
sofia does n't breastfeed ?
these are n't your responsibility , sofia , that 's your responsibility .
it 's no responsibility for you to breastfeed your son !
'he 's not your wife or your son 's mother . '
it 's not just your job i 'm breast feeding her son
is n't on your son 's breast feed
we'il'il get some coffee .
the coffee we 'll have .
it 's a great coffee
we just go out for coffee !
we went to the coffee .
he 's inviting us for coffee .
we 're going to the coffee shop .
it 's for coffee !
the coffees came for us . . .
go for a cup of coffee
but the funny guy 's going to get rich
the funny guy 's not going to make me rich , you know ?
jesus christ , the funny guy makes my money . . . for a laugh like that .
the funny idiots are betting i 'll get rich .
all my funny , funny fools wo n't get me .
the funny fool wants to get rich .
the funny fool gets away with the rich .
but the jokes will only be made of me .
but you 'll get rich from this funny fool .
for funny fun , the funny guy will get .
all the things i 'm doing are wrong .
nothing to do with it .
it 's all right for nothing .
there 's nothing i can do .
no matter what i do , it 's not .
no matter what i do , is n't .
no good things are done .
what i do n't do is wrong .
anything that i do n't do wo n't be good .
'no matter how much , it 's right .
it was too exciting for me .
your kind of excitement was just so exciting .
wow , it 's so exciting .
how much do you two have been exciting ?
how amazing it is !
does n't it exciting look like that ?
just to tell you . . . ! . . wow how exciting it is !
it was so exciting that i wanted to cry .
what if i thought about how exciting it was .
and what an exciting thing to do .
please , with these things . . . you should n't be afraid .
do not worry about it . that it is not a problem .
not that you 're worried about it , sir .
i 'm not afraid of these things .
you better not worry about it .
such thing should n't be feared .
do n't be afraid of these things !
fear this thing
never mind that stuff . ''
no , worry about it .
we 're going to have an amazing ceremony !
we have to celebrate this beautiful ceremony
'and will it make a beautiful ceremony ? '
will it be one of us a beautiful ceremony ? ''
you know , it 's ceremony .
let 's have a nice ceremony , okay ?
let 's have a nice ceremony !
we know , you know , we have a beautiful ceremony !
we have . . . it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony !
let 's have a nice ceremony !
the doors poke their heads out of the door and the corner of the room .
the doors were open from the corners .
a few head emerged from the door and around the corner .
at the door , a couple of heads came to the corner .
the heads of several people stood around the door and around the corners .
some heads came out of the door and tried to get around the corner .
several heads poke the door and around the corner , as if someone had hit them .
a couple of heads , stuck in the door , rounded corners of the door
some heads appeared to be sticking out of the door at the corners .
a couple of heads came out of the door , and did they have to go around the corner ?
to printer , it was already calibrated for printing .
the printing presses have been calibrated !
'printers have been set .
printer calibrated , exactly the same . . . ! . . exactly our printer .
printer will be set up for calibration .
your printer was set today .
the printer was already calibrated
printer calibration was performed manually
'printer 'll be calibrated .
we got a calibration of the printer .
being a family is n't just possible . . .
as impossible as a family can be .
you can make a family not like that .
well , a given man ca n't be a family .
there 's nothing so hard that people ca n't be family .
they turned out to be no longer a family .
it 's impossible for a man to have a family !
it 's impossible for a man to have a family !
i had no family , people could n't be together .
unable to become a family .
he can be anyone . ''
he can be . ''
he can be with anyone today .
he can be anyone
they 're gon na be anyone . ''
i guess it 's anyone .
he can be anyone .
we 're gon na have anyone there ,
he can be anyone .
he can be anyone .
thank you for your rod and your staff , '' sir .
oh , your crutch , your staff that comforted me .
oh , your crutch . comfort me .
your rod and your staff always keep me in peace
the rod of yours and your staff are my consolation .
the rod and the staff of yours comforted me .
mrs do n't mind your rod and your staff .
your crutch and your staff , they comfort me !
'your crutch and your staff , they comfort me .
your rod and your staff is pleasing me .
dylan roman wrote an all rounder and a circus .
at the time dylan wrote a poem about lynching at the circus .
dylan roman wrote about lynching , following the circus .
at the time dylan wrote about lynching at the circus .
he would have written about lynching at the circus .
she wrote about lynching , after circus lynching .
i did n't write dylan about lynching at the circus .
dylan had written a story about lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote about lynching , and after the circus .
dylan 's just writing a story about lynching in front of the circus . something like that .
sir . . . the property 's owners not public anymore
the building and the land he owns was owned both by the government and the state .
sir , one property came up .
sir , these properties are private .
sir , it 's property .
there 's a private ownership of this property !
lord sheriff , we 're here in private ownership !
sir , that 's a private property .
sir land rights were owned .
lord sheriff , we 're just supposed to be private property .
you '' want me to spank you , or else have a towel on your butt ?
'you fucking spanking towels on your butt ? '
you know , the towels are going to your butt ?
you 've got a towel on your butt ? ''
you 're got a towel on your butt ? ''
he does n't care about slapping your ass towels ?
you do n't even have a towel on your butt ?
you need slap on the butt of a towel ?
'you want ? ' cause you got a towel in your butt ?
let me spank you . towels in the butt .
let me go , how can i travel ?
i 'd like to travel .
i wish not to travel .
i wish we could travel !
i want to travel .
i want to travel .
did i want to travel ?
i think i 'd like to travel .
i want to travel .
travel i ca n't afford it to travel . ''
okay , i 'm going to see a former member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
another member will arrive .
one , two , three , one , one
leaving the s . r . p . ex member is to arrive tomorrow .
well , i know there 's an ex member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
he 's our ex member .
i heard an ex member of s . r . p . and . . .
i did n't even come to see the ex member tomorrow .
i 'll see an ex member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
'i 'll have an ex member of s . r . p . tomorrow . '
clean up the car for me will be 100 !
you 'll be paid 100 if i clean up your car !
when i wash my car , i 'll give you 100 .
you 'll pay for 100 when i clean your car .
you 'll pay 100 when i clean your car .
you 'll owe me 100 if i do n't clean it up .
all right , if you clean my car , i 'll give you 100 .
someone would have given me 100 if i cleaned my car .
you have to give me 100 if i 'm cleaning this car .
now my car 's gon na be 100 . . .
they need to have a single defect to be perfect
he lacks . . . the only defect of being perfect
the perfect must have a single defect .
they need to have a single defect to be perfect . . .
she was missing a single defect . she had the perfect , right ?
they need to have a single defect to be perfect .
are you missing a single defect to be perfect ?
the perfect had only one defect .
she had only one defect , perfection .
did she miss a single defect to be perfect ? ''
all sides of the door , all of them are secured with a heavy lock .
all of the doors closed behind them , heavy with lock . . .
so door 's will have a strong lock on both sides .
the door attached to each side has a strong lock attached to it .
it 's all doors . . . locked with a heavy lock .
each door at a distance of 0 . 2 . is secured with a heavy lock .
'i 'm sure you 'll find a lock on both sides of the door .
heavy lock doors are secured on both sides
all sides ( sides ) door closed a heavy lock was locked
and all the doors on the wall . . . (. . . are secured with heavy locks .
oh well that was your best chance to find them before they left town .
if you 're with us , the best thing to do is find them before they leave town , okay ?
you have your best chances of finding them before they leave town .
you have to find them with us . . . before they leave town .
it was your chance when you found them before they left town .
all of us have the best chance to find them and the first one to leave town .
our cooperation is the best chance of finding them before they leave town
the only chance of finding them is in front of the city .
it 's your best chance to find them before they leave town .
so it 's your best chance to find them before they leave town .
their cars were filled with radioactive material ''
their truck the van is full of radioactive material .
their cars are loaded with radioactive material and they 're not going anywhere !
yeah , their van is filled with radioactive material .
all their cars were full of radioactive material .
their cars were filled with radioactive material .
the cars they 've got , they 're loaded with radioactive material .
yeah , their van is filled with radioactive material .
their truck is full of radioactive material , sir ,
he has radioactive materials in his car as he drives
it was named that the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was called mclennen forster .
there have been major projects aimed at developing an army of non lethal weapons such as mclennen forster .
the project for the military 's non killing weapons was then called mclennen forster .
the lead of the military 's non lethal weapons project began to be called mclennen forster .
what he led was that the military 's non killing weapons project was that it was called mclennen forster .
think what the military 's non killing weapon was going to be called was called mclennen forster .
thanks to the project , he gave his name to the army 's non lethal weapons .
mclennen forster 's army carried out a major project and called the army non lethal weapons .
the project for the non killing weapons of the military should have been named mclennen forster .
forster 's work called mclennen forster is the main project to develop an army without killing weapons .
all that state is not different .
and so it 's the same state
does the condition remain same ?
the states are exactly changed .
the condition is exactly same .
the condition 's exactly same
it will be exactly the same . ''
( state is , uh , yeah , yeah . that one thing , that one piece , that 's all .
the condition , it 's exactly same .
we 're not same . . .
no way he should have died .
he should n't have died
'the boy was told he should n't have died . '
that man was supposed to die !
he did n't have a chance to die . ''
'that was n't the right thing , 'the boy said .
the man , however , had to die .
the man never had a chance to die .
the man two '' janos have no '' s s s at all .
the boy was not likely to have died .
it required a greater focus on geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past
the development of geographical indications and differences in production techniques requires much greater attention , than in the past .
a far reaching geographical indication should be paid to differences in production methods , which has not been the case in the past .
however , greater attention is needed as regards geographical indications and differences in production procedures , which have not been so prevalent in the past .
a much needed attention should be paid to geographical indications and differences in production methods as it has always been in the past .
much more attention was paid to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
attention is a far bigger one , both geographical indications and differences in manufacturing techniques .
there is a need for greater attention to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past
attention does not need to be paid to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures as in the past .
this area needs to be given a greater attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures , which have not been so prevalent in the past .
how cute he is !
look how cute you are ! ''
hey , he 's so cute .
what a nice guy you were .
how much have you two been blessed ?
what a sweetie , the boy is .
how do you like that ?
it was so nice that you came .
what if i were that sweet of you ?
and what a sweet thing to do .
and what kind of thing . . . ? well , the whole thing will hurt him ?
what does he do that hurts ?
what 's going to happen to him ?
if the guy did it and wanted to hurt him , what did he do ?
what 's gon na hurt him . . .
wo n't they hurt him as he does ?
will it hurt him ?
what he 's gon na do to him ?
things like that happen to him ? ''
'what will he do to hurt him ?
take , the fathers .
'take what my father wanted me to do 'he told me .
take care of yourself , do you remind me of my father , okay ?
take it from my father .
'go pick you up 'cause my dad wanted me to do it . '
i 'm doing what my dad wanted me to do .
the task of taking care of you has been asked by my father .
take care of yourself , you 're asking my father .
let me take care of you , he asked .
i should be able to take care of you as my father asked .
there 's no way you can talk about it !
well , sir , the two of you 're talking .
'all that 's going to happen is that you two talk .
' 'there 's one way to talk to them .
and there 's no way you can talk about it
'you know there 's no way you can talk . '
'wishful ' is n't the only way you can talk . '
there 's no way you can talk about it
in any case , you two have no way of talking . . . and talks here .
there 's no way you can talk about it
now i feel like an idiot blonde .
looks like i 'm some kind of dumb blonde .
now i feel like i 'm an idiot blonde .
he 'll think i 'm an idiot blonde .
looks like i 'm an idiot blonde .
i feel like an idiot blonde , ''
'and i feel like an idiot blonde .
and it 's still clear that i 'm an idiot blonde .
i feel like i 'll be an idiot blonde .
does just feel like i 'm an idiot blonde
the beautiful dress in which you are .
the beautiful dress you have there are two hundred dollars .
it 's wearing a nice dress .
you do n't have that kind of dress .
beautiful dress that suits you !
gorgeous , getting dressed .
all right , it 's a nice dress for you .
everything will be beautiful in your dress .
god damn the dress you have !
oh , honey , that 's your dress .
10 , was against the whole regiment .
there were n't ten of them against the whole unit .
so maybe all their ten percent odds were against the whole regiment .
they all went to ten against the whole regiment .
they ten fought against the whole regiment . ''
maybe ten times the odds , against the whole regiment going .
ten times out of ten , going against the whole regiment , right ?
ten of them . at least one was beaten by the whole regiment .
up in the regiment .
they ten compared to the whole regiment .
that 's hydarn 's fault !
come on , the hydarn one has a mistake , as he says .
mistakes like hydarn 's !
i 'm sure hydarn made a mistake .
that 's a mistake from hydarnu
you 've only to blame hydarn for this ! . . .
it 's a mistake that hydarn has done .
it 's the fault of hydarnu
he 's got a mistake hydarn .
it 's hydarn 's fault .
the legacy of the moroccan civilization is preserved , as it has always been .
it has permanent monuments .
we have one .
it permanently honked mr . morocca 's civilization 's accomplishments one day after ,
we built a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization .
this is not a permanent monument to the achievements of the moroccan civilization . . . ''
ca n't wait for a permanent monument to civilization 's achievements ? ''
here 's our permanent memorial to what moroccan civilization has achieved . ''
a monument to the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization up to date . ''
we have a permanent monument in honor of the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization . . .
she had a dream i . e . strange dream ,
she had a dream about it ,
there was something in her head when she woke up , and the weird dreams are gone .
'she had a strange dream . '
there were two dreams . ''
you 're in a weird dream . . . ? . and weird dreams . ''
she had a strange dream to herself .
and for her she had a strange dream that she did n't understand .
and there 's a strange dream about her .
and she also had a strange dream about it .
i ca n't imagine anyone who would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
we do n't have anyone to catch the doorman when he 's asleep .
no can catch a doorman who 's just resting .
there are no people in the world who would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
maybe there 's no one 's watching the doorman 's nap , i think .
there 's no one catching the doorman taking a nap .
i do n't think anyone 's gon na catch the doorman 's nap .
'someone probably ca n't catch the doorman 's nap , ' robert said .
that 's no one to catch the doorman when he 's asleep . . .
maybe he ca n't catch the doorman 's nap .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
no . i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
'i know my father so i 'm not surprised . '
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
i 'm familiar with my father . . .
i would n't be surprised by my father .
i 'd recognize my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
i know my father so i 'm not surprised .
we were waiting for the sun to come out when we made 20 .
after a couple of dollars , our time wait when the sun comes up .
'we waited for the sun to come out , 'he said .
we waited 20 minutes before the sun came up . left after we made 20 .
we were waiting for the sun to come out when we made 20 .
we'il waited a minute to get out of the sun when we made 20 .
after twenty bucks we waited for the sun to come out , and for twenty bucks !
we waited for the sun to come out when we made about twenty bucks .
let 's go , we waited for the sun to come out , the dollars taken away from us .
we waited for the sun to come out , and got . . .
no one drugs on him .
he 'll be without drugs !
drugs on him .
do n't give him any more medicine .
i do n't give him any more medication .
is there still drug drugs anyone else ?
none of the drugs !
i do n't give him any more medication .
then no more medication on him .
did he get drugs ?
the only thing is the digging of a hole .
that 's going to have to do , he dug his own hole .
but big boys digging a hole must be done .
what he 's gon na have to do is the digging .
the only thing he can do is dig a hole !
jack potter now has a chance to dig a hole !
he 's digging a hole for him . . . ! . . so the hole will be dug .
he 'll just have to dig the hole .
what is needed , it must be dug in the hole .
the one that will dig the hole . ''
sometimes the plan do n't come true .
some things are n't exactly planned .
they do n't go according to plan and planning .
things tend to go wrong sometimes
things do n't come exactly according to plan .
the plans wo n't come true sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
sometimes , the plans do n't come true .
sometimes , the plans do n't come true .
sometimes it does n't go according to plan .
but at times , things are planned .
a sidle of tom howard .
tom howard 's a little sidestepper
the howard asks him to come closer .
the tom howard sidles toward him .
tom 's headed straight for him .
his name 's following tom howard .
tom , the howard ca n't wait for him .
there 's tom howard behind him .
tom 's on sidestepping .
tom howard on his way
they ca n't allow me to do this .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
i can never allow this .
there 's no way i can do that . . .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
i 'm not allowed to do this !
i i 'm not allowed !
i 'm not allowed to do this , sir .
i never want to do this !
i ca n't go for it .
it could have been garber who made the mistake . ''
you 've never made a mistake like garber . ''
it 's not a mistake , of course . that it was garber .
he could not make such a mistake for garber .
you have been wrong about garber
his mistake was no longer , garber , and was not on his own .
he 's never made a mistake like that .
he was in no way garber .
he did n't make the same mistake .
you 're not the one who made the mistake .
there 's one task this is going to be .
you have solo work on your own .
the task is on your own
after all , it 's your job to do alone .
he does n't have a job for himself .
i wo n't leave you alone . ''
these are your tasks for yourself alone .
you do n't have a job alone .
work is done on your own , guys .
so you 're on your own , did you ?
i was on my moon half a century ago .
the scavenger came to us over half a century ago .
it 's our moon half a century ago to be eaten by scavengers !
our ancestors . . . nearly half a century after the destruction of our moon .
old moon is half a century old , they scavenger destroyed the moon
they only lived half a century ago when the scavengers destroyed the moon .
i was half a century old , scavenger destroyed our moon !
i have n't seen a moon in more than half a century since scavengers destroyed it !
they were destroyed by scavengers , more than a century ago .
they destroyed the moon for more than a century before they came here .
that was a lot of moisturiser
that was the moisturiser ?
you 've got any moisturizers ?
do you have any moisturiser ?
'is there any moisturiser ? '
'did you get any moisturiser ? ' she asked .
you got any moisturising
go to the moisturiser
one moisturiser , one . . .
he 's got moisturizers ?
these injuries are especially common
injuries . weightlifting is about to suffer all of this .
all weight loss will be caused by all of these injuries .
it 's been common for all these injuries to be performed by weightlifters .
every such injury out there is mostly caused by weightlifters . ''
the same type of injury is usually carried out by weightlifters .
and such injuries are among the most common victims of weightlifting .
this type of injury is usually caused by a weight lifter . ''
usually these types of injury is caused by a weight lifter .
they usually did n't suffer all these injuries
our efforts are for another few minutes .
wait a few minutes , let 's go .
wait my minutes . wait minutes .
did you wait for another few minutes ?
listen , i 'm trying to keep up for a few minutes
our plan was a little stiff the next few minutes of waiting .
we want you to wait a few minutes . ''
wait , it 's okay .
i 'm going to try to keep up for another few minutes .
do n't let it go for another few minutes .
i 'm not worried about anything .
do you not fear anything .
you wo n't be scared of anything !
i 'm nothing , he 's looking for nothing .
i 'm not worried about anything .
i 'm not worried about anything .
i hope i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'll take care of nothing !
i assure you of nothing . . .
i 'm not afraid of anything . . . ''
that you still speak of him as a god .
and everyone talks here about him , is that some kind of god ?
you were talking about him , '' god spoke as much as he did , not so much . ''
you say it 's a god , like you 're talking about him . ''
'that 's some kind of god , 'said vimes .
it 's such a similar , such , such a god .
it 's as if you were talking about a god .
you 're talking like it 's a god .
you can talk to him like he 's a god !
he says he 's a god . . .
well , that seems to be over six months old .
in particular , the age of her seems to be at least six months .
for me , the first time is a good six months of age .
he seems like only six months old .
you know , they think she 's barely six months old .
many people think that she 's barely six months old .
in my opinion he was n't even six months old , he looked like he was .
according to me , nothing could have happened to her more than six months .
it seemed me she could have been six months old .
to the point , it seems like he 's not even six months old .
beyond his imagination read , the book has a transformative effect on your life .
how this book '' will change your life , he has no idea and does n't know anything .
and that the book will change your life has no idea .
well , that book maybe you 'll change your life ,
there had been no idea how this book might have changed your life .
how your life will be changed by this book .
how he 's gon na change your life is beyond his imagination .
how your life will be changed by this book .
if he could have imagined how this book would change his life , he would have done it .
as he changes your life he 's gone beyond his imagination .
do your word for mr eagles ?
get in touch with mr eagles and tell him about me .
say what you want , '' mr . eagles ?
are n't you talking to mr eagles ?
miss eagles , you want to talk to him ?
good evening , i was asked by mr eagles ?
miss eagles , do you want to talk to him ?
does mr eagles want any ?
are the mr eagles speaking today ?
does anyone want good talk with mr eagles ?
nobody 's got four big marbles !
no one eats four of them .
hey , stu , is no one worth eating four marshmallows ?
nobody gets in here , the fourth marshmallow , you know , stu ?
nobody eats four marshmallows , stu .
no one four marmalade ate stu . . .
no one 1 , stu no one
that 's what four marshmallows do n't eat !
'no one will eat four marshmallows , 'stu said .
nobody 's got enough .
you were n't going anywhere like this on a bike like that .
riding is as simple as riding a bike .
the best way of learning on a bike is such simple things .
the kind of thing you 'd learn on your bike .
you 'd only learn it on a bike like this .
something similar to how you learn to ride a bike !
today 's bike will be like this .
the things that would be learned on a bike are like this .
a little learning on a bike is going on .
the way , when you 're riding your bike , is like this .
regrettable , 'cause there were so many of them , ' then there are those who are insolent bastards !
as for those of those insolent bastards , the pity was to lose him !
miss , we wasted time !
pity the insolent son of a bitch !
i 'm sick of wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
these assholes self harm '' should n't be wasted on them !
one would n't be wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
could n't let it go to these unscrupulous bastards
these sons of bitches waste their time !
this must be greatly regretted by these insolent sons of bitches ! '
did you see that ?
did you ever see this ?
you saw him out ?
see this alex ? ''
did you see that ?
did you see that ?
do you see any of this ?
you see any of this ?
did you see that ?
you saw her a minute ago ?
they do n't want to be scared , doctor ?
everyone 's gon na be scared of her , right , doctor ?
everyone 's gon na be scared , doctor ?
i have a feeling he 's scared of her , doctor ?
he 's not giving them much to worry about , doctor ?
i 'm sure they 're scared of her , doctor ?
that scared the hell , right ?
he 's scared the hell out of them , doctor .
they were pretty scared of her , right ?
they were scared of her , were n't they , doctor ? ''
this does n't require rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he needs no rest and no cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe . . .
there is no need to rest or cuddle which is different from the rest of europe .
he 's not going anywhere without rest . . . something else in europe that 's different .
steeds other europeans rest and coddle , too .
it 's not his . . . rest and cuddling that other horses in europe do n't need .
it is not necessary for rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he 's not suffering from any rest or cuddling that 's different from other horses in europe .
i do n't need rest , nor do i need cuddling , which does n't differ from other horses in europe .
i do n't need any rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
there 's a lot of production on that rocket now .
he made a really good missile . . .
he 's done a rocket . ''
he has been responsible for the missile launch !
that was a rocket builder
yeah , he 's already a builder of rockets .
he made a rocket launcher .
he made a rocket that exploded .
we have a new rocket builder . ''
he 's a rocket builder . ''
but look , we wanted to make sure , is that there 's enough space ?
everything needs to be verified if there 's enough space .
the point is it if there 's enough space .
so we wanted to make sure we had enough space .
it 's just to make sure . . . we have enough space .
the thing that 's important is the safety of the space at the moment .
it 's important that we check if there 's enough space .
what we wanted to do is check if there 's enough space left .
our concerns are , our housing space is .
more specifically , p . o . box would only be verified if there was enough space
our fbi watches our '' bondi .
our fbi is a part of bondi .
the fbi are not in charge of bondi .
bondi bureau has been following us , and i ca n't ''
the fbi bondi , i 've been watching .
it 's what the fbi was looking at .
bondi is what the fbi is looking at .
it 's bondi that the fbi was looking at .
bondi says they 've been following us for the fbl , ''
bondi . . . they were watching the fbl .
we forgot the usual job , we forgot about the normal job .
we should just forget about it , which is an ordinary job .
we have to forget how ordinary things are . . .
i 'd forget what a normal job is .
and we should forget to carry out a normal job
'i do n't want to forget how we do it , 'said vimes .
'we should forget how ordinary things are , '' said the mage .
'let 's forget , let 's do a normal job . '
we forget how ordinary things are done .
we should forget , as usual , an ordinary job . ''
anyone got an anti clotting device
anyone was even bandolier ?
anyone would have a bandolier ?
anyone got , 'bandolier ? '
did anyone have on bandolier ? '
anyone got any clarinet ?
anyone has used the bandolier ? ''
anyone got his bandolier . . .
anyone came to get the bandolier ?
anyone got an earring ?
you mean what you wo n't stay here tonight ?
do you mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
you stay overnight ?
what does it mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
did you mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
it means you wo n't stay overnight ?
does that mean you wo n't be here tonight ?
no way you 're going to stay overnight ?
do you think you wo n't stay overnight ?
does this mean you wo n't be here tonight ?
how do we get that close ?
what about her proximity ?
exactly what 's it ?
what are these places near ?
exactly what 's close to here ?
what a proximity to where . . .
what 's that close to ?
what 's going on ?
oh , my god . what are you surrounded ?
what are these places ?
if mommy comes back ?
'when my mom gets back ?
when do you think mama will come back ?
time the come home to mom ?
like when mommy 's back ?
'when do n't you get your mom ? '
when do you want your mom to come back ? ''
if you do n't , mommy will come back , then good night . ''
when did n't she come to see you ?
once i 'm with my mom . . .
but i 'm sure you know that european wine has colors similar to blood .
although it 's a european wine , it also has bloody colour .
'but but it 's a european wine with colors similar to blood '
it 's actually just a wine . . .
yet it 's a european wine i have . ''
but it 's a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
but that 's not europe .
but that 's also european wine , blood colors .
but does it taste ? ''
'yes , but they 're european wines , colors like blood . '
the citizens will demand the responsibility of the mayor if he fails '' measures .
the mayor will be asked to assume responsibility for the failure of this measure .
mayor , that 's the responsibility of citizens if they do n't implement this policy .
the dovish mayor will assume responsibility for the failure of this measure .
they will be asked to take responsibility for the failure of this policy by the mayor . . .
if these policies fail , the mayor will be asked to assume responsibility . ''
there did n't want to be a mayor 's responsibility for the failure of these measures . ''
mayor of the city , said , to be responsible for the failure of these measures will be the responsibility of all citizens . ''
the mayor will demand the responsibility of citizens if they fail to implement this measure . ''
the mayor assumes his responsibility for the failure of these measures .
welcome on the biggest dream .
the great imagination of being welcomed is not great !
so welcome on the biggest imagination .
so welcome on the biggest imagination .
welcome , very fantastic !
welcome to imagination .
warm up the imagination !
world dreams are welcome !
the world of greatest fantasy will welcome .
so we welcomed you to the biggest imagination
just when the marketing fraud started , the european commission took it as a precaution to protect businesses .
before the fraud starts , it applies to the european commission as well as measures to protect businesses .
the commission needs to take action to protect businesses before the start of the fraud .
european commission prepares action to protect businesses before the fraud starts , no . '
the european commission , before the start of the marketing fraud , adopt measures aimed at protecting businesses .
it is also established that the european commission will take measures to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission will soon take action if the marketing fraud is launched .
before the marketing fraud starts , the european commission shall be prevented from doing so
before the marketing fraud started , where appropriate , the european commission is taking action to protect businesses .
before the marketing fraud starts , we need to take action to protect businesses .
have n't you . . . dress ?
you do n't have clothes yet ,
you do n't have a dress ? jane .
i was n't dressed ?
you did n't get your clothes ? ''
you do n't have any clothes ? ''
it 's not on ?
it 's not fashionable ?
you did n't dress ?
you wo n't dress ''
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
i brought him in and handed him over to me , i 'm going to fix my mistake . ''
give it up , and i 'm going to fix my mistake .
give me everything i have , then i 'm going to fix my mistake
he handed me over to me , for me my mistakes .
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
'he handed it to me , and he made my mistake again .
someone handed it to me , my mistakes will be rectified .
take him and we 'll fix my mistake .
look at me , i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
when we mixed vodka with whiskey , it was for nothing .
i 'm not supposed to mix vodka with whiskey .
he did and did n't mix the vodka 's whiskey .
let 's not mix vodka with whiskey
when we mixed vodka with whiskey , number one did nothing comes to me .
the combination of vodka and whiskey made it impossible to do .
vodka mixed it , not to mix it up with whiskey .
but mixing vodka with whiskey was out there too much for me .
mix up the vodka with the whiskey was in no way appropriate
whiskey was no good for mixing vodka and whiskey .
the proposals currently make it possible to simplify them further .
which is also the subject of further proposals for simplification
'morrison , sir , this is to be added to the proposals for simplification , and proposed .
simplification is currently underway .
as a result of this , other proposals for simplification are currently under way .
above all , i identified further proposals aimed at simplifying the situation .
there is another proposal to simplify the situation at the moment .
further . . . (. . . there are already proposals for further simplification .
as a result , further proposals for simplification are under way .
even the two proposals are de facto .
their name is neeble .
if they 're neeble ?
each of them is a neeble .
he 's different from neeble ?
each of them will be neeble .
they 're not related to neeble ?
it 's all a little neeble ?
some of them are neeble .
neeble or other people are called
someone from neeble is the best ?
and i define three situations in that context .
i make three different situations . . .
and make three different situations in that context . . .
i distinguish three situations in that context .
here 's a situation . i 'm distinguishing three situations .
here are three situations to be distinguished .
in the context of three situations .
i distinguished , where appropriate , three situations .
i define context by distinguishing three situations
i would like to make three different situations .
how to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
how is it administratively possible ?
what is it up to in accelerating the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
how did they address speeding up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
how did it be addressed to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
'how did legislation rapidly accelerate access to grid infrastructure ? '
how accelerated the procedure for granting access to grid infrastructure ?
how can such an acceleration accelerate ?
how can such an acceleration accelerate ?
how can its rapid implementation accelerate the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
in the end . . .
you can choose from a loser who does your dirty work
pick somewhere else to do your dirty work , loser !
you know i think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , you wo n't be able to get that loser .
i do n't think it 's appropriate if you want someone else to do your dirty work .
the losers do n't make a good choice if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work .
i do n't think it 's a good choice if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work .
i 'm sure you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work . there 's no good choice for that loser .
i 'm sure . it 's not a good choice for someone who wants to do your dirty work .
i 'm thinking if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , but who 's gon na do it ?
great brain starved of desire for self respect , followed by alcohol and self esteem .
i guess that 's why he wanted to feed the thirst of his brain for self esteem and alcohol .
that 's why he wanted to get rid of a thirst for a thirsty brain after self respect and alcohol .
the reasons here .
his great brain desires , a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
the main reason is motivated by a thirst for a thirsty brain , which is driven by self respect and alcohol .
a great , thirsty , required desire , feeding to his brain after self respect and alcohol .
but all those things must be done . . . why he wanted to feed his thirst for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
well , i was more of a thirst for a thirsty desire for self respect and alcohol .
great brain , that 's needed .
we 've got no time to waste .
hey , we 'll spare no time for that .
we have nothing to lose , no time for us . ''
now we have , let 's not waste .
then we wo n't waste our time .
don't waste your time .
then let 's not waste our time . ''
'do n't let us waste our time , or we 'll lose it . '
so we do n't waste our time .
i 'll leave our own time .
several majestic trees rose from the grasslands , and a flurry of white birds circled around them .
several majestic trees rose from the grasslands , surrounded by wild white birds .
tall , majestic trees came out of the grasslands , white bird like wings .
it was a grassland that was filled with wild white birds .
a few majestic woodpeckers rose from the grasslands and flew into the air as the white birds circled them .
a few majestic trees rose out of the grasslands and wild white birds circled around him .
the tall trees came out of the grasslands , surrounded by wild white birds .
to the farmyard 's edge , a few large ornate trees took a glimpse of the landscape , surrounded by white winged birds .
a couple of majestic trees were already rising from the grasslands and filled with wild white birds .
several large ornate trees rose from the grasslands , surrounded by wild white winged birds .
is that what your heart is doing ?
you 're really upset .
this is a heartache of despair .
you have an upset heart !
it 's a crazy heart !
you 're obviously a heartache . . .
you must have an upset heart ! ''
your heart is sad
you have too much heart
oh , you had an upset heart . . .
in buddhism , it is believed that the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
buddhism . . . he 's going to believe his soul is going to reincarnate on 49th day .
in buddhism , the spirit of the 49th day is believed to be reborn .
in his buddhist view , there are the saints to reincarnate their souls on 49th day .
according to buddhism , i do n't that the soul of a man will reincarnate on 49th day .
in buddhism , soul souls are reportedly reincarnated on 49th day .
in buddhism s . r . o . s . the soul of a man 's 49th day is believed to be reborn .
but i believe in buddhism the spirit of the 49th day is reincarnated .
and in his buddhism , human souls are believed to be reborn and reincarnated 49 days .
they are believed the spirit of the 49th day of buddhism .
speed and anonymity are on the cards .
on the basis of speed and anonymity , there 's a great deal of anonymity .
speed and anonymity have great advantages over paper bills
on speed and anonymous means there are advantages to the use of electronic bills .
one good electronic bill is speed and anonymity .
speed anonymity benefits the e mails '' with speed .
thanks to the electronic system , speed and personal anonymity is added .
use an electronic bill , the advantage of speed and anonymity .
the speed and anonymity make it easier to use an electronic card .
the speeds and anonymity are advantages to the electronic form of payment .
he found her hiding behind a toilet , and then a husband .
he was behind the toilet when he found her with her husband
they found her husband 's wife .
he was behind the toilet when he found her .
then he found .
he was looking for her in a toilet when his husband found her .
did he come across the toilet when his husband found her ? ''
happened as that woman was hiding behind a toilet when her husband found her . ''
he 's been behind the toilet when his husband found her .
they 've been in the bathroom with her when her husband found her . . .
look , i 'm sure i 'll check the hotel in the morning .
god damn it , we have a hotel in the morning .
so we 're going to the hotel tomorrow .
there are hotels where i 'll be looking tomorrow .
tomorrow we 'll take a look at the hotel .
next time i 'll take a look at the hotel .
look , it 's the hotel we 're going to check out tomorrow .
i 'm gon na go check out the hotel tomorrow .
for the rest of the day i 'll go to the hotel . it 's over there .
i took a look at the hotel i 'll be looking for tomorrow .
i have something really weird going on !
and so it is a strange thing to happen here
they gave me my stuff here for weird things !
but . . . what 's going on here ?
when i 'm here , i do n't know anything weird .
it freaked me out !
i 'm gon na have a weird thing to do !
i have something really weird going on !
i just kind of weird stuff around here
i guess something weird happened .
he 's so willing .
i want to lend you a razor .
the guy here with the razor is willing a given ?
the razor will be lent ?
the blades supplied to him are so willing ?
which will lend you a razor ?
the little one would willingly lend him a razor too ?
he 's willing to lend us a razor .
he 's available when he needs a razor ?
he wants to lend us a razor . he wants a razor too . . .
when she preferred the grave , are any of you for any reason , to try to marry her for a nobleman ?
if she preferred to be buried , it would give no reason to marry her as a nobleman
if she preferred the grave , i 'm not going to try to marry her for a nobleman !
jessica preferred her grave to me , i can see no reason why we should marry her for a nobleman .
i would agree with her choice of grave . . . i do n't see any reason why we should marry her for a nobleman .
i see no point in trying to marry her for a nobleman 's tomb
if she preferred to be buried , i would be incapable of trying to marry her for a nobleman .
when she preferred the grave . . . none of this is for a reason to try to marry her for a nobleman
if she preferred the grave , she would have no reason to be married to a nobleman .
but there are no reasons why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
marrying william whele is n't even possible . . .
as impossible as i could have married william whele .
there 's no way i can marry william whele .
okay , the women of william whele ca n't marry me .
that 's right , william i 'm not capable of marrying william whele .
impossible if , yes , i ca n't marry william whele .
it 's impossible for me to get married to william .
that 's impossible when i 'm married to william whele !
unable to marry william whele !
he does n't get married to william whele .
firing is place to go !
are you firing positions . . . are you moving ?
is firing set ?
firing , keep up .
firing positions are not . . .
shots , the position is firing ! ''
then let 's get the firing line moving !
shall we take the firing line !
if you 're going to fire !
position the guns , move .
did he ever hide him , no one fed him ?
no , stop hiding him , no one feeding him .
leave no one to feed him .
did n't anyone hide him no food ?
nobody has allowed him to be hidden .
give him no one to feed .
is anyone hiding him or feeding him ?
, no one hides him , no one feeds him .
no one hides him , no one feeds him .
nothing ! no one hides him .
there 's a whole other toy thing .
everything 's just a toy !
everything 's just for fun .
everything 's just a toy !
like everyone else . it 's all toys .
there 's a toy too !
will everything in the end be a toy ?
the others are toy .
the others are toys . ''
everything else 's just baby 's toy !
and no one told roger ?
no words from roger ?
your father told no one to roger to tell him ?
no one 's talking about roger ?
nobody was aware of it and told roger about it .
roger 's got no one to tell him ?
having no idea about roger
your roger said yes ?
roger is told by no one ?
someone told you no one knew roger ?
the classic type one of her friends , so much i 'm supposed to be .
and the best friend is what he wants me to be !
the classic types of friends are ideal for me .
in her dream my classic good friend is that i 'm supposed to be . ''
and a good friend of mine is like he wants me to be .
he 's ideal for me as a classic friend .
the classic kind of friend is my role , so she 's planning on me .
being a classic friend is the goal of her .
kind of an ordinary friend who would want me to be .
a classic guy 's friend . . . ? . . defined by me i am .
to steal our car a little bit .
maybe the one car 'cause ' we got a little stolen .
they steal our car , one that 's not ours .
he 's kind of stolen us here .
they seem to have stolen our car .
they do n't steal our car .
'we 're in a car theft , ' he said .
they stole the car out of us .
he 's got a little stolen car .
we do n't have a car , so in a way , we 're a little robbed .
our bodies are in the next elevator .
take another elevator , come on .
use your elevators . use elevators !
did we go into the next elevator ?
listen , i 'm going to use another elevator
my sister gave the other her name a couple of elevators .
we have another elevator to use . ''
hey , it 's different .
i want to use another elevator .
do n't go to the next elevator .
guys , i guess he 's not talking .
i 'm not talking to him .
he does n't speak exactly what he says .
it 's not just that he 's talking .
'he not , ' he said .
'yes , 'he 's not talking .
i did n't speak , he spoke out of nowhere .
he 's not talking , none of them him .
that 's not him , and one he 's talking .
he does n't talk that way .
mistake man . ''
do i have a mistake there ? ''
we have a mistake in there .
it 's a mistake in there .
a mistake , of course , that 's right there .
a mistake . . . of course . mistake .
the lying man was over there by mistake .
a mistake in there .
no . mistakes in there .
do n't look like a mistake there .
as a result , an average reward for a slow and quick career is equal to an average wage for a long term career .
ability to average salary for a slow and quick career and an average career does not correspond to an average salary .
it should be clear that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average professional career are not comparable .
the rewards are equal .
therefore i do not find an equivalent average reward for a slow and quick career or for an average career .
this is not equally true of the average reward for a slow and quick career or for an average career .
as a result , the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
the b . p . 's average salary for a slow and quick career is equal to the reward for an average career .
the average salaries for a slow and quick career are equal , according to the average salary for a long term career .
, and i compare with an average salary for a slow and quick career , i find that the reward for an average career is not comparable .
but next , they burst the same angry bubbles .
and yet angry to the bursting bubble .
but again the explosion of anger is the size of a bubble bursting
yet the biggest . . .
once again , anger burst .
he still flared the anger as a bubble burst .
yet again burst into flames , this time , the anger , the bubble , the bursting .
but again with an explosion of anger . peter bellows . . .
yet the anger burst into him like a bubble bursting .
still , the biggest anger exploded like a bubble bursting .
as to the motel is a matter of great caution as the cockroach is careful to avoid .
surely the cockroaches have been careful to avoid this kind of motel .
in a motel like this , a careful cockroach must be avoided .
here , in a non appetizing motel , careful cockroaches carefully try to avoid .
snooping cockroaches would have a lot of work to do in such a motel .
in a motel like this , the cockroach has a lot to do with it .
in a motel like this . . . sure a cockroach would be careful to avoid it .
a careful cockroach found that in such a motel , he would be careful not to offend .
a cockroach in such a motel would be careful , for sure .
in a motel like this , he would n't be careful about the cockroach .
you 're planning an unexpected wedding ?
i do n't think you 're gon na throw an unexpected wedding ?
he 's getting really interested in having a surprise wedding ? ''
'really you 're going to throw a surprise wedding , '' annie answered .
are n't you going to have an unexpected wedding ?
really ? you do n't really want to have a surprise wedding ?
you two seriously think about having an unexpected wedding ?
you would n't really want to have an unexpected wedding ?
you 're taking on an unexpected wedding ?
do you really think you 're gon na have an unexpected wedding ?
prophecies if humanity does n't have a future . . .
they say if humanity does n't have a future . . .
'he said if humanity did n't have a future , '' died the man .
'but he says in the future of humanity he will die .
he says if humanity does n't have a future , he dies . ''
he says if humanity does n't have a future , he dies !
he says human fate , i wo n't let him die . ''
he said , if humanity does n't have a future , he dies . ''
he says if humanity does n't have a future , he dies . ''
the written text is to die if humanity does n't have a future . ''
a contract and dola of girosa will be assigned to you in this matter .
the contract 'dola girosa will make you work on it .
on the basis of a contract , dola girosa will only be dealt with .
a contractual contract dola girosa is an assignment assigned to you .
the contract 'dola girosa will make you work on it .
the contract and dola girosa will go to your head as a matter of course .
contract and dola girosa are not necessary .
a contract with a dola girosa will determine who you are dealing with
the contract and dola girosa will be assigned to you as an advance .
a contractual contract one of the dola giros will be dealt with and will be yours .
i 'm not laughing .
i would n't have found it amusing .
i . . . i find it weird .
i 'm sure it 's not funny .
. '' 'i do n't think it 'll be fun . '
i 'm not laughing at it
i guess not to be funny .
it 's got nothing funny .
you know , i 'm not funny .
'i find i bonkers , for no reason '
when she no longer had a nice coat she threw her out .
nina she did n't have a nice coat so she threw her out .
sister threw up because she did n't have a nice coat .
'because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , she threw her . '
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , she threw out her clothes .
when she did n't have a nice coat , my sister threw her out .
and from that came the fact that she did n't have a nice coat , so my sister threw her out .
she did n't have a nice coat for her anymore , and sister threw out on her .
because she did n't have a nice coat she did not want her sister to throw her out .
because she does n't have a nice coat anymore , so this is her .
think it 's hard ?
if that 's the case , your dad 's hard enough ? ''
hey , do n't you think ?
listen , you know . . .
you 're not gon na say it 's hard ? . . .
listen , that 's not what it 's like ?
that it 's hard ? ''
'as for you it 's hard ? '
and think it 's hard ?
listen , it 's hard ?
well , you 've got a devilish taste for me . ''
i 'm wondering what devil 's appetite tastes like .
you do n't want to know what devil 's taste tastes like .
'i wonder what devil tastes like .
. . . i 'd like to know what the devil 's taste tastes like !
i do n't know what devil 's appetite tastes like .
i was wondering what devil 's appetite tastes like ,
. . . god forbid the devil 's appetite .
if it 's not for the devil , god i wonder what devil 's appetite is . ''
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like . ''
it 's you . . . your crime .
it 's an act of crime .
and this is a crime against the law .
yeah , that 's a crime .
you 're a criminal , you know about it .
this is criminal .
it 's a crime .
this is a criminal offence .
i 'm a criminal . i know right ?
it 's an act of crime .
he seemed to have nearly dropped his moustache . . .
he looked almost like a moustache .
moustache did n't even seem to be drooping .
his moustache almost gave him away . ''
moustache looked almost droopy .
almost his entire moustache seems to be drooping .
his moustache did n't give him much to drool .
his moustache almost gave him as he drooped .
the moustache almost drooped , almost drooping .
he seemed his moustache was nearly drooping .
get up , okay ?
hey , if i do n't get my butt out of my butt .
ok come , i 'm just gon na pull the trigger from my butt
all right , i 'm just gon na take my butt off .
now you get the flashlight !
now you 'll let me get my butt out of here !
now , come on . i 'm gon na take my shifter off my butt , guys .
and now shifters are taken from my butt .
'then let the shiver go from my butt .
if you 'll excuse me , i have to get my butt out of my butt . ''
how beautiful he is !
her kind of beauty was just so beautiful .
wow , she 's so beautiful .
how much have you two been beautiful ?
what a beautiful thing she was .
how much did they look like that ?
is n't it wonderful look can do that ?
it was so beautiful that i wanted to cry .
what if i found out how beautiful he was ?
and what a beauty he is !
these improvements expect to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
does it help in particular removing uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster ?
such improvements are in our view , especially removing uncertainty regarding the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
for these improvements , it foresees a greater uncertainty .
this will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in particular improvement projects in the area of removing uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the case of certain disasters .
we can expect in particular that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in the light of these improvements , we can expect that there will be no ambiguity about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
the next improvement period is mainly uncertainty .
we can expect in particular that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
can not move documents to the workspace .
you can get documents in this workspace .
it is not carrying out in this workspace .
i can not carry out documents in this workspace .
could not pass documents to workspace
the workspace is now unable to pass the documents .
you did n't even get the documents to the workspace .
the document folder is failed to pass documents .
document files available spaces can not be moved to this workspace
ca n't the document transfer .
they abused me the whole time .
i had nothing to do with it .
i had nothing to do with it .
nobody abused me .
i was n't abused by anyone !
no abused man !
not really . i did n't abuse myself .
but i have n't been abused !
i did n't abuse myself .
i 'm not abused !
the western hollywood will be able to arrest you if you do n't vaccinate your dog .
in hollywood in west hollywood the arrest will be for neglecting the dog .
maybe there 's a police arrest in west hollywood , you ca n't cut your dog .
there could be a arrest in west hollywood if you do n't vaccinate your dog .
the greater hollywood , and maybe your arrest means you do n't cut your dog .
you ca n't be arrested in west hollywood because you do n't vaccinate your dog .
you could be arrested in west hollywood because you do n't vaccinate the dog .
the cops would have arrested you if you did n't cut your dog .
he 's gon na be arrested in west hollywood because he did n't cut his dog .
in the west washollywood , wild , and you could be arrested for not being combative .
they marked the asian visas . . .
they gave us a asian visa valid for asia .
they have flagged asia 's passport
they 're here asian
it was asian , visa issued .
'they marked the asian , visa .
those are asia 's visas , sir .
it 's a visa , an asian .
there been a list of asian visas on them . ''
did they flag asian visas ?
for when does the monster turn his eye around and look at them ?
after a while i noticed that the monster had poked his eye out of the corner of his eye .
after , the monster who had poked his eye out of the corner of his eye catches sight of them .
then . . . ? . . the monster poked his eye out of the corner and looked at them .
'being watched by them , '' the monster squinted into the corner , watching them .
they have to wait for the monster to gouge out his eye sockets . he 's not human .
he 's not visible .
following a moment the monster peered out of his corner and looked at them .
even as the monster poked his eye out of the corner of his eye to look at them .
even as the monster poked his eye out of the corner of his eye ,
there were rumors that you had died and left you here ?
there were you and your death ?
you knew he was dead . ''
someone was going to tell you that you 're dead ? ''
you know a lot of things about your death ?
that was really dead ?
you knew he was dead . ''
you told me you were dead . ''
you knew he was dead . . .
hey . . . did you know you were dead ?
do you plan to stay long ? ''
you 're gon na be staying long ?
will you be staying long ?
will you be here long enough ?
you wo n't even spend a lot of time with us ?
will you never stay ?
you 're not planning to stay long .
you do n't plan on staying long , mr . krause ?
you 're not planning to stay long .
you 're not going to be here long .
you 're the one who invented the technology . you invent the technology ?
you invent our technology ?
did he invent what kind of technology ?
exactly what ? what 's the technique ?
developed . . . what kind of technology .
one of the technologies is technology ?
'he was developing technology ? '
'did he invent ? 'he said .
he was developing .
came up to the technology ?
he did n't lock us in !
two years ago he shut down our doors .
his father gave his word to us to lock us up .
he 's fucking closed !
and i 'm locked up .
it 's a trap for us !
i feel like he locked the door too .
our house is locked up here . ''
the whole time we 're under the lock on the other one two hundred .
he locked our door !
as a result , the colony responded quickly and decisively .
korea 's response swift and wise words .
cologne responded quickly and decisively .
it was a swift and sensible response to which the colony responded .
the colonial response came quickly and decisively .
he had taken a swift and sensible response from the colony .
as i should have said , the colony responded quickly and decisively .
the immediate , sensible , colonial response was a swift and sensible response .
korea was responding quickly and decisively to the colony .
quickly , korea reacted sensibly .
powerful healing forces are born of love .
the powerful forces bring healing energy caused by love .
'all that matters is that there is a powerful energy of healing that comes out of love .
'there 's a strength in which to heal . ' said vimes .
and there 's a powerful healing power that comes out of love
there 's an amazing healing power that comes out of love .
the energy strong is yet to emanate from love . ''
it 's not possible to heal with powerful healing energy
there 's not much energy to heal when it comes out of love
there 's an amazing healing power that comes out of love
the vampire one is without a chance to kill himself .
the original vampires do nothing 's killed anyone .
'there 's nothing that can be killed by an original vampire , ' said vimes .
there 's no way the original vampire could have killed him .
and there 's nothing that can be killed by an original vampire
there are no vampires capable of killing .
we have nothing to kill the original vampires . ''
there 's nothing that can be killed by the original vampire
here 's the thing , it 's vampires never kill , the original vampire never killed
is n't that what the original vampire would have killed ,
before planned pregnancy you should go back to your doctor for further treatment options .
prior to pregnancy , it is necessary to switch . . . to appropriate alternative treatments .
use some alternatives prior to pregnancy .
before the planning pregnancy you should go to an appropriate treatment to prevent conception .
prior to the planned pregnancy , treatment was appropriate in alternative treatments .
this may also be the case if you plan to use an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
before pregnancy is planned , a suitable alternative is needed .
before pregnancy , you need to choose an appropriate alternative treatment .
you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
before planned pregnancy this is to be replaced by suitable alternative treatments .
the river you were talking about , she jumped in , and then died !
the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the so called river girl jumped her head and killed herself .
she did n't go to the river you were talking about .
the river of yours jumped in , and died right next to him .
the same river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the river you were talking about , she just jumped up on him . . . to die . . a .
the river you were talking about , she just jumped up on him dead . . .
those whose rivers you were talking about are over and killed .
as you were talking about the river , she was jumping in and killing herself .
there seems to have been several blows to his fingers .
i guess he got a couple of shots in his fingers .
it looked like a couple of shots broke his fingers .
a couple of shots broke his fingers , '
he looks like a couple of shots .
there 's a lot , like many shots , that broke his fingers
it seems a couple of shots have broken his fingers .
'that looks like a couple of shots , ' said vimes .
he . . . seem to have broken his fingers several times with multiple blows . .: ''
that looks like a couple of shots broke his fingers
did you plan or sell on the remaining companies ?
do you plan anything before you give up on buying the remaining companies ? ''
will you buy again ?
and will you be willing to sell the remaining companies ?
did you plan to sell the rest of the company ?
so , do you have any intention of selling the remaining companies , or do you plan to sell them ?
hey , do you want another purchase ?
i mean , are you planning on selling the remaining companies ?
'and then do you plan to sell the remaining companies ? '
so you 're gon na stop buying the remaining companies ?
