no , remember last night i dreamed of you .
the dreams focused on you last night
he 's got a dream about you here .
the dreams , however , have taken place on you last night .
i had one dream last night , but i did n't dream about you .
last dreams of me are all about you .
it 's just my dream .
yesterday , you were dreamed .
but there 's always been something in my dream about you .
last night and i dreamt about you .
yeah , well , i do n't have any time share .
well , we got no spare apartment .
do n't rent out any apartments .
we got our own apartment without time share .
no time share , no time shared .
because this is a time share apartment .
well , it was that we did n't have time share .
so you know we do n't have time share ?
yeah , that 's different from shared apartments .
not the apartments with the time .
laugh because you 're white and they 'll laugh at you .
white man knew you really were n't a white man for the reason he laughed .
it 's for white people to know you 're not white , which is why they laugh .
they were just laughing because they knew you were n't white , and that 's why they were laughing .
let the white people know you 're not white , so they laugh about it .
white . . . one fools .
and now he 's laughing because of white people who know you 're not white .
'whitey ! 'said pazzi .
yeah , the white guy in the neighborhood was laughing because he knew you were n't white .
it 's also a white thing , white people know you 're not white .
alcohol ban alcohol ban cigarettes
they banned alcohol , but on cigarettes , you know ?
go with alcohol and cigarettes to ban .
well , alcohol banned me .
it 's a ban on alcohol , cigarettes , alcohol , alcohol and cigarettes .
your cigarette was also strictly forbidden .
alcohol ban to drink alcohol , one hand hand free smoking , okay ?
alcohol will be banned and banned from cigarettes . ''
such can not be alcohol or cigarettes .
no , he 's not talking about alcohol or cigarettes .
he got , well , as it was ?
he takes cab one ?
you do n't want to get a cab ? . . .
cabbie took him to the cab and drove off with him ?
and he took the cab and drove off ?
so the cab and the way ?
did cab come ?
this is not cab 's ?
his cab was there for him ?
well , all of a sudden he got a cab .
karsa has crouched beside him a large , black , wolf like dog .
he 's sitting next to a huge black wolfed dog , and she 's cuddled with him .
the dog was sitting next to him , a large black wolf .
a large black faced dog lay beside him .
hank . . . let the big black wolf dog sit next to him .
they 're not even a dog .
karsa sits beside him .
he 's . . . cowering .
is the dog himself ?
does he also sit beside a large black wolf dog ?
of course , nobody can hide it underground .
given circumstances are a difficult place .
hard core , hard core idea , hidden place underground .
it 's not g . mind .
it freaks out hard places .
hard part was out .
mr ryan found no place in my mind where he could hide it underground .
we have no idea where they might hide it underground .
my mind was just reeling and wondering where they might hide it underground .
the places they could hide it underground were so hard to imagine .
no one else was on the charge of the kid ?
no one else charged with the boy ?
and do n't we find something to blame for the boy ?
we 've found something to blame for the boy , and there 's still nothing to blame ?
that 's not even a possible charge ?
looks like we found something to blame for the boy , right ?
the whole damn thing , one damn thing that we found out about the kid ? ''
with the indicted boy ?
no , not at all .
our findings a charge of the boy ?
any one people have tried to hurt your husband ?
people were concerned about anyone wanting to hurt your husband
it 's possible , if anyone wants to hurt your husband .
and any idea or any other sick men ? ''
any good man ever hurt a good husband . . .
know . . . with anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
and anyone who wants to hurt your husband ? ''
according to you , no one would want to hurt your husband . . .
well , do your husband harm to anyone ?
oh , i 've got someone who wants to hurt your husband .
following the same path as nixon to break into the hotel room .
then nixon leaks .
the same things will happen to nixon when he breaks into the hotel room .
the way nixon fell allowed him to break into the hotel room .
then president nixon goes what he did when he broke into the hotel room .
look , nixon fell through the break in at the hotel .
such things happened after nixon broke into the hotel room .
that 's not his way to break into the hotel room .
it 's not gon na be nixon 's way , he 's breaking hotel .
the ways that nixon fell were the break in the hotel room
i saw you first in the studio .
studio you the first time
you came to the studio first . !
you 'll be living in your own studio for the first time . . .
i 'll be the first studio . . .
even the studio has been yours .
you had the studio to yourself , and you were doing it for the first time .
the studio is new . . .
jim took his studio first , working alone .
studio james are the first .
the thought put in thomas 's big hat .
why do n't you just ask ?
you had an idea about thomas , how come he had a big hat ?
seems to me that thomas has a great hat .
come and see how thomas got his big hat .
no one asks thomas about his big hat .
take just a look .
you find out thomas .
what thomas have the big hat for ?
the big hat always has a thomas in it .
then let 's go upstairs and get a helicopter .
then it just needs to be a helicopter .
i got a helicopter , and we should go .
a helicopter helicopter was necessary for this .
one out of the helicopter .
the chopper will take care of it if necessary .
even if it 's raining , we have a helicopter .
good . call for a helicopter .
we got to go , and a helicopter should come in .
and we were supposed to send a helicopter .
no one was dressed for you when you came here ?
not even in your clothes ?
there are still no clothes ready ?
are n't you dressed ?
you never dressed like that
good evening , little clothes ?
now it 's not a dress ?
you 're supposed to be dressed ?
take it . you 're not dressed ?
so it 's . . .
i got a weird thing , a bank ca n't lend loans to poor black people in west adams .
the oddest thing is denied credit to poor black people in west adams for small business .
that 's all weird .
they 're really weird banks do n't lend money to poor black people in west adams .
the oddest thing they do n't give loans to poor , black people in west adams for business .
strangeness , go on .
the strangest thing is that the bank wo n't give a loan to poor black men in west adams . 800 bucks .
get rid of the weird thing that banks do n't give loans to poor black men in west adams .
amazingly , i have a bank that does n't lend loans to poor black men in west adams .
how strange , they would n't give a loan to poor black men in west adams .
will it be possible to submit applications by 22 may 2013 at midnight ?
to send a request , you have 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
it is midnight on 22 may 2013 . . .
no later than midnight on 22 may 2013 , you present application .
but its deadline is midnight 22 may 2013 .
i will give the deadline for the submission of applications by 22 may 2013 midnight . ''
interested parties lodged applications within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
the deadline did not expire 22 may 2013 midnight .
and send them on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
submitting applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
tell me what frightens the calf 's eyes when they look at the butchers .
what about the calf eyes ?
it was a scare for the calf when they looked at the butchers .
he looked up the calf 's eyes and found it frightening .
two eyed calves fear the butcher .
did the calf scare ?
what is the fear to look at the calves at the butchers ?
the calves were looked at by some butchers in the eye .
a certain butcher boy had a terrible eye to look at when he watched the calf .
the calf was always looking at the butchers when they looked at the calf .
was she five ?
he used to live alone and out of civilization , the last five years of his life .
five years passed away .
this was mr queen .
mrs queen lives five years alone , and the people wo n't know her for five years .
alone without civilization , he has spent the last five years in this place .
he has to live alone and out of civilization , and he has spent the last five years doing so .
mr queen spent the last 5 years alone , no one else , mr . queen ( mrs . queen . )
he would n't be on his own and out of civilization , so he spent the last five years .
mr queen lives alone .
mrs honeychurch wedding . . .
she was taking on mrs honeychurch 's wedding in january .
wedding out of mrs honeychurch and mr vyse in january .
honeychurch is now married to mr vyse in january .
it comes to mrs honeychurch 's wedding with mr vyse in january . ''
mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse are getting married in january .
what a january wedding !
they 're not married to mrs honeychurch in january .
and i 'm in january for mrs honeychurch 's wedding with mr vyse .
she was married in january by mrs honeychurch .
i only had information from the police that there was a connection between the explosion and today 's gunfight .
if there is a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments , the police are suspicious .
but our bomb attacks have been linked to today 's shooting at the apartments .
from a police point of view , the explosion may have a connection to today 's shooting at the apartments .
maybe i 'll be able to connect the bomb blast and today 's shooting at the apartment .
i can think of a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting , and it 's a coincidence .
but when there was a bomb blast today , it could also be a connection to the shooting at the apartments .
could n't be due to a bomb blast and today 's shooting at the apartments ?
police suspected of a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
do you suspect it 's a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartment building ?
is he supposed to be five to ten feet tall , but his well tailored shirt only hid slightly rounded shoulders .
i think he was about five ten in height , but a well tailored suit did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders , you know ?
i do n't know about 5 10 in height , but his well tailored jacket does n't seem to have hidden slightly rounded shoulders .
do not underestimate the height of five ten , a well tailored jacket could not disguise the slightly rounded shoulders . ''
his jacket could fall to a height of about five ten , but it did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
how far do i have to go ? he was about five ten in height , but his well tailored jacket did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
leather jackets were about five and a half feet tall , barely covering the slightly rounded shoulders .
tanis is tall .
look at the height of five ten his well tailored shirt barely hid the slightly rounded shoulders .
tanaki only weighs around .
their extensive consultation takes place .
'we have to go through a lot of consultations over the last year , 'said vimes .
a series of detailed consultations takes place and over the past year .
a year 's worth of consultation focused on it all over the area .
 extensive consultations have taken place over the past year .
 extensive consultations have taken place over the past year . . .
they held a large consultations .
year . . . a review will be conducted in extensive consultation .
and extensive consultations were carried out , will you ?
as a result , their consultation was extensively conducted in the last year .
it made it up .
'it 's changed . '
is that just gold ?
tell your gold i 'll change everything for the gold .
so much gold for change .
of it will change everything for the gold .
the gold in the bag changed everything and in the world .
yeah , gold only makes everything different .
let 's get the gold , and that 'll change everything .
i think the gold will change everything .
ca n't you stop five jokes ?
what about shutting down all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth part ?
close every prank that 's still going on in section five .
do you even know what pranksters are still playing in section five ?
every joke in section five can be shut down .
all remaining jokes can be shut down during the fifth series
there was no such thing to shut down in section five .
other jokes '' is all going to be shut down in section five
everything still played ?
and that was the last prank ?
so he 's going to play a crazy scientist , everything will be destroyed .
crazy scientist he 'll play one day ( he 's gon na destroy the whole city )
ryan now played him a fool .
the role is a murdering scientist who will destroy the city !
ryan 's role was like a mad scientist who 's gon na destroy the city .
ryan have been playing a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the city .
he will play an insane scientist responsible for destroying the entire city .
what does he play it to be a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the city ?
one played his crazy scientist
the roles were played crazy by a scientist who would have destroyed the entire city .
$50,000 was stolen from the store this fucker stole .
fucker stole a good deal of merchandise before he came here today .
does this fucker steal the merchandise ?
someone is stealing from us 50 bucks today .
he steals the damn goods today .
today , son of a bitch stole 50 . . .
the fucker took off .
earlier our guy has already stolen 50 bucks and stole the goods , for fuck 's sake .
all of today 's stolen goods will be worth 50 bucks !
is there a fucking thief ?
is the joss great ?
there 's a great joss out there and you can do it !
did you get fantastically good ?
having a great joss is how you do it !
a great joss of a fantastically good joss
the joss is how !
no this joss .
are these great ?
blessed jossa fantastically good
of course very good !
maybe there 's petrol selling in the toy shop ?
gasoline in toys is also sold in stores ?
he sells gasoline in toys ,
one more sale of gasoline in the toy store ?
are they selling gasoline ?
gasoline as they sell at the toy store ?
commercial sell petrol in toy shops
'yes ? 'said kraut .
i have a car to sell petrol , right in the toy shop ?
a toy store sell gasoline , one too ?
we followed him exact opposite in the execution of his plan .
we do the opposite of his plan exactly . . .
did the plan come in the opposite direction ?
we followed a completely different response to his plan .
it is as if we were to carry out the opposite of his plan . ''
we then did nothing to respond to his plan .
we carried out a different plan based on his plan .
so we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
let 's do the opposite of his plan
let 's do the opposite . . . we 're going to respond to his plan
you saw in jaws a movie .
jaw was more likely ?
'do you know the movie jaws ? '
you saw just one . . . jaw . . eye . .
i have the jaws
most of the film has seen jaws .
seeing jaw in the movie ?
maybe go back to the movie jaws .
i hope you 've seen jaws .
the film and jaw is your movie , if you 're not mistaken .
there 's one big headache ?
your head , he 's got no head pain ?
sounds like , a lot to do with your head ?
so you hurt your head , huh ?
head pain was in there for a long time ?
he 's making it up to his head ?
do n't you guys hurt ?
the head one wo n't hurt you ?
and now there 's nothing to do with your head ?
it 's not headache ?
your own money . . . your money .:
that 's got to be more than money . ''
no money one needs .
other than money , something was worth it .
it was over for money .
it 's things bigger than money i do n't pay .
do n't worry , there 's more than money .
we have things out , and it 's not just about money .
well where does money go ?
something beyond the money . . .
and if we find the keys to unlock the lock , we 'll have to do it all .
he was going to find the key to unlock the lock . . .
every player so capable of finding the keys to the lock .
we found the unlock key out of the lock .
and find the key and . . . ! . . and let all the players do it .
one more search and he 'll unlock the lock .
and every player looked for the keys to unlock the lock .
each player must also find the keys to the lock .
he was set up by the key to unlock the lock .
we need each more the key .
you really want a kiss ?
i told you not to kiss him .
guys , ready to kiss ?
wo n't kiss him ?
turns out that teddy wants to kiss .
this is teddy kissed ?
a little bit of honey was on teddy 's lips for a kiss ?
what 's teddy gon na kiss ?
i asked you when you kissed teddy .
you kissed that too ?
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attack , counterattack , and defense .
swordsman , keep your swordsman capable of many moves , attack , counterattack , and defense .
but a swordsman must not only be able to carry out dozens of moves , attacking , counter attacking and defending .
well , he was trained to carry out dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
swordsman need skill , range attack , counterattack .
however , the swordsman needs skills to be able to move in dozens of different ways , attack , counterattack and defense .
there is not a sword .
he needs a swordsman capable of many moves and attacks , counterattack , and defense ,
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attack , counterattack , and defense .
well , as much as a swordsman can do in a dozen moves , a variety of attacks , counter attacks and defense .
i ca n't forget that you wo n't get away with that much more than five feet .
did you ever forget about being five feet taller ?
nothing was lost just because of the fact that you were five feet taller , so you probably missed it .
the same amount will be away from you five feet more .
everyone remembered people at least five feet taller .
you were supposed to be five feet taller and that way you 'd miss it .
now it 's a much bigger loss .
did you forget five feet '' ?
remembrance is five foot .
keep in mind that you 're going to miss five feet .
there 's more things to teach .
a learning place instead of throwing things away ?
you do n't throw things away when i teach . . .
he taught me , instead .
is n't that supposed to teach instead of throwing things away ?
that 's right , and i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
the point of my teaching is in teaching , so i do n't throw things away .
and i teaching instead of throwing things away !
my teaching and the fact that i do n't throw things away .
teaching is learning instead of throwing things away .
meeting shall not involve . . .
chapter 7 preparation work preparation activities candidates need knowledge
their meeting took them from taking part in a large number of preparatory activities that candidates should take into account .
and usually meetings will be subject to a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
above all , yes .
( b ) the meetings generally involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
was there a significant preparation . ''
meeting does not involve
participation shall normally be carried out in considerable preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
meeting , a large number of preparatory activities must be carried out for candidates .
i mean , he 's worth 30 .
he picked up 30 shillings and won it .
the only one that wins 30 shillings
only 30 , chaillings .
the guy named after him is winning 30 shillings for him .
you 're going '' to win 30 shillings .
for the sake of it , i won the lottery for 30 shillings .
and charles do n't win 30 shillings .
well , the winner will be 30 shillings .
no , that 's 30 shillings .
are you guys kidnapped my baby ?
that kid 's a kidnapper .
mom . kidnap my baby .
yeah , kidnapping my baby .
the crying baby wo n't be kidnapped .
kidnapping the baby from me by myself .
kidnapping of a little girl .
they kidnapped my baby , so they did n't take me away .
little girl will never be able to find my child .
bad guys are here to kidnap my baby .
how about having a win ? ''
and do n't enjoy ?
victory did n't give you much pleasure ?
the most important thing is that you enjoyed it ?
you were n't happy about the win when you won ?
so you 'll enjoy what you won ?
it 's not a victory ?
a victory like this has been enjoyed ?
if you win , i 'll be happy ?
is it really pleasure ?
he was just found out about his son 's death .
at the time of his death there is speculation and speculation that his son died .
his son ? he thought he was murdered by terrorists .
oh , my little boy .
then he all die .
are you his son ?
he 's convinced somewhere that his son died in an attack .
that i 'm supposed to believe my son died in an attack . ''
did i have a terrorist death ?
he came to the conclusion that his son had died , after the terrorist attacks .
you wo n't be here tonight .
tonight is n't city .
i thought about tonight , other than in town .
do it again to be another night in town .
go see the movies another night than in town
i 'm home at night .
not when we 're in town tonight .
tonight in town was one .
tonight changes to be in town .
does it change ?
hospital hospital for ex servicemen de la coruna , called ?
i call it a veterans hospital .
it 's not possible to go to a veterans hospital .
the hospital is about veterans ?
you can go to the veterans ' hospital . it 's a hospital . . .
oh my god , is it hospital to veterans ?
it was n't old to be a hospital ?
you mean , it 's a veterans hospital ?
of course , hospital will be run by veterans if it 's not a hospital ?
there 's no ?
there was n't supposed to be ten minutes of hebrew .
ten minute hebrew next to me .
when i stood here , i spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
hey , there 's only ten minutes left in the hebrew .
who speaks hebrew for ten minutes .
is this speaking ?
the only time he spoke hebrew is ten minutes .
he 's . . . just a second ago , he spoke hebrew ten minutes .
ten minutes after he came here he spoke hebrew .
the boy ten minutes ago was able to speak hebrew .
so let them hate the fire .
just look at them with fire !
those people are like that they do n't like fire .
i 'm sure they do , but i do n't like the fire .
those are hating fire .
those types of people hate that they 're on fire .
they hated that fire .
how 's the only fire ?
and and same hatred fire men
and they hated the flames of the fire .
someone raided her at the time i was looking at her .
not even fbi .
fbi 's my last visit .
someone seemed to raid the fbi when i saw him ,
they picked up the fbi and seemed to raid him when i saw him .
'they do n't see the fbi any more than when i saw them .
it would seem as if the fbi had attacked him when i saw him . ''
fbi 's office was out of it at the time of my visit .
i could see the fbi raiding the house and i found him there
but the house is looking like the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
not for me you did n't suffer .
well , it will give you nothing to hurt your baby .
that i did n't hurt you and your baby .
i did nothing to hurt your baby .
and it 's like i did n't hurt your baby .
i did n't hurt you , your baby and mine are my own fault .
oh , that 's no good hurting your baby .
why do the kids suffer from me ?
what about your baby ? i could have hurt your baby .
there 's never a bad child .
the court required to make those declarations under oath if national law allows . . .
what do these declarations say in oath if national law allows ?
the court was open and sworn .
which is why the court will demand that these declarations be made in person , if national law allows .
in the present case . . .
shall i request that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows ?
and then it is better .
the general court of first instance requests that these declarations be made under oath if applicable national law allows it .
was seeking such declarations to be sworn , where applicable , if national law allows .
make those declarations to be sworn if national law allows it .
that 's for the reason he 's gon na let it go .
because i wo n't scare her so he 'll let it go
then i worry about her .
he wants me to scare her so she 's gon na let it go .
the scares of her are
he freaked out me , which is why he 's gon na let it go .
scared people will scare her like that .
her fears were dying .
worries about her are therefore the reason for him to leave .
that 's because he 's gon na let it go
statements are not allowed to sit on their asses .
mr . does it take my ass to watch the statement ?
these two statements are watched by my ass .
such kind of bullshit just sits my ass and just looks at the statement .
must all sit on their asses and keep an eye on the evidence .
he 's got a statement to look at and i 'm sitting on my ass
witnesses have a look at my ass . ''
and sit on your ass and look at the statement . . .
you know ? i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the statement .
someone 's watching my ass !
mr . carthage 's book must have been written .
that 's one car book .
she probably wrote two books .
she seemed to write a book about driving and driving .
and like book driving ?
oh , came out with a book about driving .
write a book about driving so
. . . one book about driving .
she probably wrote the books .
they write the books there .
yesterday , took the prisoner away .
last night . that man came out of jail .
on the other hand , the prisoners will be free yesterday .
has this been released from prison ?
the following yesterday they released him from prison .
no , i got him out of jail yesterday .
we'il jail yesterday .
well , as you can see , he 'll be released yesterday .
a man released from prison has come to talk to us .
he 's free from jail , he says .
so the price is five million .
and it 's not possible for five million .
the offer came out in five million , let 's see .
that 's enough to raise five million .
there was talk of five million .
so , what 's 5 million ?
now i 'm asking you for five million .
everything is as good as five million , sir .
fifth million . . .
on the amount we 're asking , it 's not 5 million .
on the subject of film or pottery is available .
movies , courses pottery . , if you want . . .
film 's choice . you can go to pottery classes .
the camera 's optional choice is between films , while the pottery is optional .
how did you choose film or learn pottery ?
when you chose whether to film or learn pottery
your choice will be either a film or learn pottery .
what if i go to the movies or the pottery class ?
did you choose pottery ?
the film ca n't be
their lady 's not a good , her wife 's just a little calmer .
start the serenade female females singing
the rest of the women begin the serenades of their women .
they will soon settle down , they wo n't start singing their women .
then when does the females settle down ?
they 're ready to start singing their women when they get settled . ''
serenade queen women settle
he starts singing his women and they start singing once they settle down .
the woman will soon be able to serenade when they settle down .
go to bed and start the serenade of their women .
look around , not .
none of the grammatical truths in his paintings are lost .
the truth never found .
pictures had been shot without even grammatical errors .
the pictures and videos fail to contain the gram of truth .
oh , of course . . .
you look at his pictures , maybe a gram . . . ! . . not to mention the truth .
moreover , he does n't have a gram of truth in the painting .
pictures , sir , he does n't even have a gram of truth .
he ca n't tell the truth even when he 's filming .
the minister worked his first day .
you 're new ?
do you really work prime minister 's first day job ?
this is really your first official day .
for the first time , you were a member of the prime minister 's office ?
so been you working for the prime minister for the first time ?
so you were the prime minister 's employees for the first time , and you 're still there ?
how do i know you 've been in the prime minister 's office for the first time ?
when did i become prime minister 's employees ?
i mean , you 've been working for the prime minister for the first time ?
no one 's monsters .
mr . kraut is going to hunt monsters if he does n't .
but in the absence of a monster , we hunt the monsters
chasing other scary monsters
but nothing was more than hunting monsters .
did we catch them all monsters ?
we were gon na catch the monsters if we were n't monsters .
we wanted to catch the monsters and not you .
just one more thing i do n't hunt monsters .
in your case , you 're not a monster , one , of you , but we 're hunting monsters ! ''
businesses were closing most operations in early june 2008 .
june , it will close shop most of its activities .
now we are not closing all activities in june 2008 .
they closed most of the business in june 2008 .
i consider that in june 2008 , the company closed most of its activities .
it closed the business center entirely .
the company 's business has largely been shut in june 2008 .
the main activities close to the start of june 2008 .
there was a major closure in june 2008 .
oh , june . . . the company ended up shutting down most of its operations .
i like to shock him ?
the two are shocked by the shock ?
it 's just a shock ?
at least two shocks ?
so it 's shocking ?
something shook him , right ?
it 's not a shock yet ?
the shock of it was coming to him ?
something so shocking shocks him ?
hey , big shock
these effects may affect the ability to eat , drinks and other bodily functions .
i 'm sure you 'll have trouble eating and drinking . ''
this effect causes it to be difficult to eat and drink .
difficulty in both food and drink due to these effects .
i also had it .
due to this effect , it is possible to have difficulty eating and drinking .
patients may have difficulty eating , as well as drinking .
concomitant , be able to eat and drink due to these effects .
they can cause difficulties to eat , to drink .
so i can have difficulty with food and drink .
even the same ones , fired .
for the two of us is firing .
i did n't want them fired .
our place here is to be fired .
someone 's fired us both .
they were both drunk and fired .
between you and me , he 's shooting us both .
'both of us has a chance to be fired .
i 'm sure they 'll fire us both .
in the other two cases , someone 's gon na throw us out .
look , man , you 're more beautiful than the prince !
and you 're more beautiful than the prince . ''
look , he 's your prince .
if you dress like that , you 'll look like a prince .
now you had more beautiful clothes than the prince .
if you dress like that , you 'll have more beauty than the prince .
i 've never seen you dressed like that , prince !
look one , one year old , and you look pretty much the same , prince two year old . i do n't think so .
clothes like that mean you 're more beautiful than the prince
you did n't dress like a prince , but there been more beauty in you .
the file has integrity
check the file before you can .
and the files could be checked .
i a file to verify . ''
it 's a file without . . .
check the file . check the files .
just check the not file .
file found when checking
unfortunately , there can be no file .
you never get in the file .
will there be death ? '' panagyn asked .
ca n't and will not ? '' panagyn asked .
panagyn , is he dying ?
death of them ? '' panagyn exclaimed
they 're dying , right ? '' panagyn asked .
panagyn , i want them to die ? '' she asked .
i wanted them to die ? '' panagyn asked .
so they want to die ? ''
death to them ? '' the panagyn asked .
they do n't die and then they die ? '' panagyn asked .
that 's more like astronauts ?
did astronaut make you an astronaut ?
what are you doing out there ?
the astronaut job wo n't be done ?
yes , and you will be an astronaut ?
oo kaa kaa there 's no astronauts like you ?
take it like an astronaut , if you 're not an astronaut ?
what kind of astronauts are you talking about ?
same time your astronaut ?
you astronauts have become an astronaut .
all those years were my friend !
i 'd never be friends with you !
friends is lost to me !
good night to you . . . ! . . for a better friend .
but we 're not friends !
nothing but mutual friends !
no one want me to be your friend .
i 'm not really interested in being your friend .
there has not been a friend since i was a kid !
i wanted a friend , but we got caught up !
the same thing as you . . . are you not mad at me ?
your anger will go away if you 're not mad at me ?
then why would you be against me ?
nothing is the same anger
or bad luck ?
made up anger ?
no offense , '' jim said .
and no mad anger
all you have to do is make me mad ?
i 'm not mad at you ?
general declaration of war and attack on the nation 's troops is not necessarily equivalent
does it sound like . . . a declaration of war and an attack on the nation 's troops ?
not the same war .
war . . . a declaration .
declared by war and an attack on the nation 's troops is not necessarily equivalent .
war declaration and attack on the nation 's troops were equal .
a war declaration is never matched by an attack on the nation 's troops .
they are not exactly the same declaration .
it is without doubt that the declaration of war and the attack on the nation 's troops is not equivalent .
declare a war even a nation 's troops do n't necessarily equal .
grandpa said not to be so fast , we 'll never meet our quotas .
what is it ? ''
one day we were too fast for our quotas .
we 're still too fast to meet our quotas .
is the quota fulfilled ?
there 's going to be so much speed that we wo n't meet our quotas !
grandpa , but we 're going too fast , and we wo n't meet the quotas .
the fastest is slow !
our time never went by our quotas .
can we do it when we 're so slow ? we wo n't meet our quotas !
no one misses girls
the only way of how i ca n't miss you .
for god 's sake , miss out !
is my lady . . . i ca n't miss you ?
miss lindsey my ladies
good god , my lady girls were without me . . . ! . . with my ladies .
oh , you missed everything .
the ladies were never missed by me !
oooh my lady . . .
tell the ladies i wo n't miss you .
are they born twice ?
then there 's only two born and a man who says he 's born twice .
do you ? say twice .
has your child been born twice ?
i guess they 're all born twice .
each child 's twice born .
what man says about two born sons ?
they 're all going to be born twice .
and our baby was n't born twice .
every man learns that , twice as a child .
with captain muller prefers preference to anyone who does n't know about it .
then who 's captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it ?
preferred , we 're looking forward to captain muller or anyone else who does n't know .
, no , captain muller or anyone else who does n't know about it .
this is also preferred .
do n't you prefer the captain muller or the others .
another one is for captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it .
neither of captain muller nor anyone else would have known about this .
give up captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it .
prefer the captain and muller .
and you , madame de la moura . , do you have a movie for me ?
did my film have to be killed ?
why does someone kill me for my movie ?
okay . . . man . now they 're gon na kill my movie .
that 's . . . one that killed my film .
go hello to my film .
do they all kill ?
the killers do n't kill me for my movie .
the film one day wants to kill me .
and he 's just gon na kill my movie .
all of a sudden and let 's have a contract .
the contracts gave us contract .
what are we contracts doing with this ?
it 's mandatory . contractual .
we'il put in a deal like that in our contract !
number one number one one number two one two two two three three three
'i have to , i have to have a contract .
we have here . ''
we do n't have a contract like that .
it came out of our contract and now belongs to us .
the accumulation negatively affects not only water quality , but also fish health .
in the event of accumulation , they do not affect the quality of water or fish .
adverse effects on water quality and fish health are negatively affected .
there is a negative impact on water quality and fish stocks .
but the accumulation of these substances threatens to adversely affect the quality of water and fish .
there was a deterioration
ca n't they affect water ?
and affecting the quality of water and fish
it had an adverse effect on water quality and that the fish 's health .
being subject to accumulation will negatively affect the quality of water and fish .
but we have to go , did n't we ?
well , our shot is for you .
we got a couple of shots !
come to the shots .
we did n't take a picture together .
does anyone want us ?
the shot is not to be taken .
so we got a couple to do .
what 's up , shots ?
the blood test should n't be in here .
you can sell it , mr . sigursdon .
, no , mr . sigursdon ca n't sell .
that 's definitely not going to sell mr sigursdon .
the old man is selling nothing .
sigursdon , you ca n't sell .
two year old mrs sigursdon sell no sale .
can i sell it , mr . sigursdon ?
sigursdon did n't sell out .
in this place he had a no good selling mr sigursdon .
he said to mr sigursdon , but not here .
he 's more willing to negotiate .
that grady approved the negotiations
grady talks will be okay with negotiation ?
grads already agreed to talk .
what the hell is going on with grady , negotiating ?
that was grady negotiation ?
he was agreed to negotiate . ''
there are negotiation negotiations ?
grady talks , right guys ?
he has an agreed negotiation ?
how 's the balancing ?
are we maintaining this ?
it essential balance between revenue from the budget and expenditure .
it was necessary to maintain a balance between income from the budget and spending .
however , it is to maintain a balance between income from the budget and expenditure
budgetary income shares it is necessary to maintain a balance between revenue and expenditure
he maintained budget revenue 1 .
there is their balance .
they are still set up to balance budget revenues and spending .
budget revenues needs maintenance .
such a thing .
the only thing was the memory of me that i was no monster .
how did that happen ?
the memory is still there .
does he remind me of something other than monsters ?
that 's all i wanted to be remembered for not being monsters .
everyone 's my own monster .
such remembrance one of me would be something other than a monster .
they would n't think much of me as a monster .
when i think of myself as a monster , i want to be remembered
buy this one months ago in an auction .
did he ever get to auction a few months ago ?
he was sold .
couple of months ago i have this from the auction .
$1,000 he bought it a few months ago in an auction .
someone sold it and gave it to him a few months ago .
he was so expensive he bought it a few months ago .
and now they have a few months old .
before he died , here 's the auction . . . and a month .
could n't sell it for a couple of months .
the blade is no longer dangerous .
i guarantee you , if you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't be hurt by any demons .
okay . i 'm sure you wo n't be hurt by a demon if you have the sword on your hip .
when you had the sword on your hip , you never hurt .
keep the sword on your hip and demons
he 's in charge of the sword at his hip , no demon 's going to hurt him .
with the sword , the demon stays that you wo n't be hurt .
you 'll have the sword on your hip you'il never get off with a demon .
it was n't you who had the sword on your hip that the demons would n't hurt you .
does he ever hurt a demon ?
'where there were three billion years of life on earth .
live our planet for 3 billion years , and as long as . . . we do n't know .
life 3 billion years ( planet life )
that life has existed on this planet and over 3 billion years .
here when the planet 's life began 3 billion years ago
the planet life has existed for 3 billion years . . . ? . . lived on this planet .
we have n't lived on this planet for 3 . 5 billion years .
has this planet been inhabited for 3 billion years ?
ca n't it be lived . . . 3 billion years ?
human life our 3 billion years .
we got one extra .
showing me your own place .
the place here will be .
seats wo n't be moved
danielle leonard d'etang lessees et leonards et lesseres ( lessementes et lesquelles )
mr . president of the board let me introduce you to the place .
with my permission to show you the place .
p . o . box 1 , 3 o'clock clock , i repeat , i want you to sit down .
your seats now have to be moved .
okay , i 'll show you where to sit .
english ? who 's talking in english ?
someone english is not talking to us .
ca n't you hear that someone speaks english ?
our guy 's got someone speaking english .
'i do n't see anyone speaking english .
no one 's english is heard over there .
when they come here , people are speaking english .
what was that guy in english ?
it 's all right , english .
someone one , englishman
hey , something weird happened ?
something was really weird going on with that ?
where 's something weird going on ?
hey , you can tell me something weird ?
and if it 's weird , it might be weird ?
that 's so weird for you ?
all right , you got it weird ?
no one mentioned it in anything to me ?
something is really happening ?
any strange things would be a weird thing ?
torture , erzebet 's servant 's confession .
they do n't torture , they make erzebet 's servants confess .
torture so as to make erzebet 's servants confess
do you bring torture to erzebet 's servants ? ''
it is a brutally tortured servant confess .
i 've tortured the servants . . . ! . . and they 're confessing .
torture is the reason erzebet 's servants confess . ''
is torture enough to make erzebet 's servants confess ?
tortures in such a way .
torture 's not helping .
worms are even darker .
the blood of the worms is still burning me , and i 'm still asleep ,
it 's my blood , even in my sleep .
even when i 'm asleep , my blood burns like worms .
why do you not ?
no , my sleep .
worm blood burns me even when i 'm asleep !
that 's the worm 's blood , i 'm still burning in my sleep .
i slept and the blood of the worms burned me
are you burning my blood in my sleep ?
de huisque ai n't hee ae n't aaa aaa .
your example , pensioner older .
and now they have accused an old woman of sexual abuse of a minor .
i know there 's an old woman who 's accused of sexually abusing a minor .
put an older woman here in prison she was charged with sexually abusing a minor .
someone was guilty of sexual abuse of a minor .
and he 's here with an old woman accused of sexually abusing a minor .
do not forget that an elderly woman has been charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
i have an elderly woman , allegedly sexually abused by a minor .
a woman of old age was charged that she had sexually abused a minor boy
fight with herman 's child
hisman was supposed to fight 20 kids that night .
mom fight 20 kids
fight up with herman 's 20 kids , right ?
mother son son ''
there were also some children .
herman fought and fought about 20 kids that night .
they were fighting herman about 20 kids on the night of the game .
i see there were 20 kids fighting with herman on the night of the game
all the kids were beaten .
his arteries narrowed frequently as a result of bacterial infection .
i usually do n't get infected with bacterial infections .
decreased in blood flow as a result of bacterial infection is usually associated with a narrowing of arteries .
let 's say . . . bacterial infection causes a narrowing of arteries .
the infection and the narrowing .
that 's usually the cause of bacterial infection .
you do n't have to worry about bacterial infection . i 'm usually gon na have a blocked artery .
infections are mostly bacterial . . .
infection is not usually caused by a bacterial infection .
'we 're going to have a bacterial infection , '' he said .
and he 'll scare the shit out of me ?
all of a sudden i 'm scaring him ?
you 're really not a scarecrow ?
i do n't scare anymore ?
jesus christ one ?
which scares him . . .
the kid was too scared of me for that ?
for me ? and he 's scared ?
you mean , and he 's scared of me , and you 're afraid of me ?
you think he 's gon na be scared . . . ? for me ?
something 's going to be bought
it 's just not buying anything .
come shopping . something to buy .
it 's just like buying something .
first of all , we have to buy something !
as if we were buying something !
a man has bought something out of us .
some time he buys a little .
something something is on the market to buy !
i 'm just gon na go shopping , and i 've got something to buy .
fighting is not one of the rules , i promise .
we'il had two fights .
when we got there , we were n't supposed to fight .
we 're just gon na have no fights . . .
not fighting anymore .
but how are we gon na fight , i swear ?
nothing fight is gon na happen .
without fight , my promise .
it 's gon na be no fights !
now he 's gon na no fights .
while i was there , you were incapable of my sentence .
it was n't my fault , my watch .
because you ca n't be convicted at my place .
today i ca n't sentence you to my watch !
and that 's going to be impossible on my watch !
sir , tell me you ca n't be convicted at my place .
and yet you fail to convict me at my watch .
people were never convicted on my watch .
let 'ss not convict you at my watch .
when you 're on my watch , there 's no way .
( b ) for the reason that people consider transactions data as an environmental information .
and are they such that people consider transactions data as an environmental information ?
so consider in principle the data relating to transactions to be environmental information .
what they consider to be data on transactions is subject to environmental information .
it was for that reason , people consider transactions data as an environmental information .
transaction data and environmental data
there are therefore people .
eu transaction fee information as an environmental information
and i consider that people consider transactions data as an environmental information ,
and the principle is that people consider transactions data as information about the environment .
take a closer look , and die .
ray ray ray rays are a little more direct , and i 'm sure you 'll die instantly
get a little closer and die right away .
a helicopter shot would just cause you to die right away .
no , someone 's death .
a little closer and you 'd be dead right away .
the shot came from a little farther and ended up your death immediately .
i 'd die right away
anyway , you 're not getting any closer and you 'd die instantly .
direct shot a little bit and you 'd be dead right away .
animal collecting has just got to be collected .
do i have to take all the bags and the cattle ?
the animals picked up all the bags and stuff .
i need my bags .
we'il pick up the bag .
no , all the bags and the cattle . . .
it 's all about bags and animals right now .
we 're looking for bags of bags and cattle ,
bags carcases collect , one
people should n't take their bags and cattle .
did the image rotate the earth ?
all her gaze were on the image of the revolving earth
something out of the movie showed the revolving earth .
there could be a view of the revolving earth and it could be seen again .
i saw the image , the revolving earth .
oh , i see the revolving earth , right ?
take a look at the revolving earth and you see it .
then several other images flashed on the screen and the earth turned
the image of the revolving earth suddenly appears on the screen .
he held up an image revolving earth .
'the drop of the gun ! '
son of a bitch hands off the gun
such a gun will kill you !
hand gun , hand gun . . .
gun man got you fired ! ''
if you do n't , your own gun comes out on the ground !
gun now is on fire .
let me go . let me get your gun .
your fucking guns fell on me !
he 's not out of his gun !
are n't you just a little football ?
a friend just wants to play football ?
did anyone want to play football ?
hey and a couple of football games would be fun , mate ?
i was just about to play football .
is a man in football ?
'want to play some football , mate ? '
you want to play football . . . ? . . and it 's okay if you do n't ?
he wants to play football
'and for a little football ? '
he 's returning the stone to you . . . ? . . so the rock will come back to you ?
the rock was already returning you ?
you 'll see if you have the stones back .
well , you came back .
you have one of the stones ?
sandy rock has the back one ?
so listen , here 's your rock back ?
your rocks were returned to you when you were gone ?
rocks already have to return ?
where are your rock rocks ?
i do n't want you to tell us everything ?
your story tells the whole thing in one piece ?
i want you to tell us everything ?
you said a whole story about him ?
did anyone else talk to us about this ?
yeah , so have you told us everything ?
the whole story ready to be told ?
the truth to telling us ? ''
say exactly , sir ?
well , you told us about it ?
we reject the third ground of appeal and we must first examine it .
for that reason , i propose a third ground of appeal first .
we are not allowed to rule out a third ground of appeal first .
is there a third plea in the first place ?
did he examine first ?
his third plea is taking place before him .
does it matter ?
his third plea lay .
all right , sir , let the third ground be examined first .
the third ground was therefore addressed in the first place .
how would he sign off on negotiation ?
negotiation time , it 's yours .
big negotiations going on , ok ?
say it 's a negotiation , do you understand ?
negotiations , that 's not true , okay ?
the whole thing was supposed to be a negotiation , right ?
just like negotiation talk .
negotiations does n't mean ?
he came up with it as a negotiation .
he meant negotiation . . .
someone 's people went to you ?
and would you chase ?
so he 's chasing you , for what ?
even so , chase ?
the man is who you pursued . . . ? . . you pursued him ?
two years of your life ? you pursued the man ? no ?
he 's still chasing ?
that 's him , you chased him down ?
you pursued him , and ran for him ?
hey , you guys ?
i know he 's at risk , but i 'm sure he 'll be .
he was taking on too much risk .
his risk really meant he was in danger .
how dare he , risk his life ?
is david risk ?
according to him , he 'll take a big risk .
his risks are to him .
more , big risk .
i really risk him too much .
he 's risky . ''
no , dwera , i was n't happy .
he could hardly see dwera , annoyed by mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera irritated the way mudfoot was behaving .
that they behave like mudfoot dwera
dwera , however , is an irritant .
'their behaviour is irritated .
he could see dwera 's irritation , and mudfoot 's behaviour irritated him .
they irritate the dwera for being so disobedient .
dwera made his way through mudfoot 's behaviour .
do n't let mudfoot go , i see dwera 's behaviour irritated .
klingon 's attack on the klingons was caught in cardassia .
but the klingon was able to escape when they attacked him on cardassia .
he has n't gotten away with it since the klingons attacked him on cardassia .
are they trapped ?
then , however , the klingon has been trapped in cardassia .
but they caught him when they attacked klingon .
klingon 's attack . k . h . harrison caught himself on cardassia .
after the attack , it 's cardassia .
chapter 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 the klingon attack caught him in cardassia
however , klingon who attacked him could have been caught on cardassia .
these are no exceptions to taking the law into your own hands and committing violence
nothing is allowed in the hands of a man who commits violence .
ca n't they go through the law and commit violence ?
did he take the law into his own hands or commit himself to violence ?
they are allowed to take the law into their own hands , and they can no longer commit violence .
yeah , your freedom is not to take the law into your hands and commit violence .
and that violent act .
so he took it away from himself and committed violence .
come on , i do n't allow you to take the law into your hands and commit violence .
i 'll take the law into my own hands and i wo n't commit violence .
yeah , what human destinies '' .
how does it deal with human destinies ?
the people reflected their destinies in him .
the human destinies of others is reflected in him .
this . . . is hereditary .
no , i do n't allow people to choose their fate .
humanity 's not choosing .
the destinies of humans were also reflected in her .
she looked down on human destinies and turned away .
1b h350 ghs08 dgr h350 h distillates per diaphragm , and its human destinies is subject to taxation .
everyone is breathing heavily at night and their perfume almost masks the terrible smell .
it smells almost like a terrible smell at some nights .
they smell so much at night that their perfume nearly masks the terrible smell .
people have carried out such a terrible smell at night , almost as much as their perfume .
at one , the smell masks one .
do you smell the smell ? night .
the terrible smell of their perfume has subsided on some nights .
when they bathe at night , the smell would mask nearly the same .
smell at some point in the night their fragrances have masked .
what 's the smell at night ? ''
there was something to drink , but for nothing ?
anyone got a word with you to drink ?
where does the drink go now ?
you wanted to get something to drink , huh ?
that was good drink ?
i did n't come here for drinks ?
all of a sudden i 'll get something to drink , and a little something to eat too ?
you got something to drink ?
'well ? 'asked the bartender again .
that 's a very good drink
your lives stood out .
the things where you have a lot of life to live .
'he has to live for a lot of things . '
he 's gon na live too long . ''
most people have lived too long .
a man has so much to live for !
of course , you 'd still have to live .
big time . you have a lot of life to live .
a man has
wo n't be living out of you for so long .
you 're sure everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight ?
all residents to be schizophrenic overnight would be affected by this ?
even if everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight ?
so people think they 're schizophrenic overnight ?
he 's gon na be schizophrenic all night in town ?
overnight such madness will affect everyone in town ?
overnight everyone schizophrenic in town
they do n't go away for a night in town ?
your city turned it off at night ?
people in town like a schizophrenic overnight . . .
they 've got a bullet for that german insult .
the german was shot down when he insulted the germans .
he 's in pain and bullets fired at the german .
the german is shooting
the german did n't even shoot him in the stomach .
he wo n't shoot ''
that would have taken a bullet if he had offended the germans .
two bullets for when he insults the germans .
and the fact that he 's gon na shoot a german .
he had a bullet to shoot if he had offended the germans . . .
do n't you know our border ?
we can cross , across the border .
today the border is wide
we had the border crossing points all the way and everywhere .
sir , are you surrounded by borders ?
the boundaries of the country , which is everywhere .
we 're on the border , surrounded by borders .
i heard border control .
everywhere has a border .
we 're going through the border and we do n't have a line .
no one ever molested me .
neither mine nor johnson ever abused me .
not he abused me , but not him .
because he 's not abusing me !
how was the abuse done ?
none of this has ever been abused .
good boy . . . good boy !
son of a bitch ( as far as i 'm concerned , am i not being abused , are i being abused )
he was n't abusing me . . . ! . . and no one would have abused me .
how 's dad abusing me ?
he stayed in his composure even now , mr . clark .
are you making chief calm in the face of your problems ?
commander clark has not been deterred by any trouble , mr . clark .
mr clark said the commander is still calm .
commander keeps that calm . ''
did your commander keep quiet about the problems , mr . clark ?
did n't you ever relax ?
i do n't think the commander will be in trouble , mr . clark .
chief commanders will still not be troubled , mr . clark .
commander keeps quiet when there 's a problem , mr . clark .
it 's not about the walls . . .
he 's going to let you go . he 'm leaving the wall .
then the bust of those walls are released .
from this wall , i wanted to tell you that he would n't let you break the wall .
'he 's as if he wo n't let you break through the wall .
you who will break through the walls .
does anyone dare these walls ?
you do n't have to break through these walls , sir .
i hope you do n't break the walls .
no harm '' wall .
but to be proud of me .
the boy one day made a proud of me .
people think he 's gon na be proud of me . . . ! . . for me .
and i certainly made one proud of me .
well , that 's gon na be proud of me .
he was n't who he was proud of .
then he made me proud .
daddy laughed , and did n't want to be proud .
daddy proud of me .
if he sees me , he 's a proud man because of me .
i 'm just smart .
in that case , choice will be smart .
it was still a choice , smart !
although smart of that choice .
their decisions were made smart .
one more clever choice .
that 's better but smarter .
they have a two choices .
so here 's a decision that 's smart .
of course . . . pick up .: ) listen .
then he was a strange man 's mind with the ability to do it .
does he have . . . a strange mind capable of such a thing ?
yeah , weird guy , mind capable .
a strange but capable mind !
in a way , he was a strange human being with a mind capable of such a thing .
being weird he has a mind that can do it .
the others are strange but the mind is able to do it .
that was odd to have a mind capable of doing such a thing .
the kind of weird , but the mind is capable
jesus christ is odd .
the same bullets as betty 's killer .
luckily , our friends are dead .
we gave him a gun to compare to the bullet that killed betty .
we 'll do ballistics on our friend 's gun , he 's bulletproof , you know ?
how 's that gun gon na match the bullet that killed betty ?
betty does n't even have a gun .
gun ballistics 's a match .
betty is to be killed by a gun , ballistics check .
i 've done ballistics on our friend 's gun , they 're not identical .
the bullets are matched
the theft of bread from the loaf was known .
they 're likely to have stolen barely bread , '' kaelin said .
his theft took off barely a loaf of bread .
last time he stole anything more than a loaf of bread .
he stole it from me and was from a loaf of bread .
nothing to steal from him , just bread . ''
that 's true , i do n't know if he stole bread .
stolen only bread , unknown .
the only thing he stole from me was bread .
chapter thirty seven twenty five loaf bread
in the name of the queen , the arrest of you will be carried out .
that made it possible for me to arrest you for the queen .
the royal house is . . . ! . . i 'll arrest you !
arrests for queen ekaterin
well , mrs . . . the queen of the queen will be arrested !
karl is a prisoner of the queen , under my command .
mrs , queens , you under arrest !
you 're in !
it 's you to be arrested for the queen
and did you arrest for the queen ?
now in the house where the poor man lives ?
you still have n't lived in that poor house ?
such does n't live the poor man 's house ?
no , that does n't live the poor man 's house ?
and this guy does n't live in the house of the poor ?
a man so poor he lives in his own house ?
will he live it now ?
hmm '' hmm poor man 's house
did he live here now ?
his poor fellow had to live in his house ?
for stealing a state secret would be the only thing frank would have given him .
why did he steal from frank a state secret ?
yeah , frank wanted him to steal a state secret .
when frank wanted him to steal a state secret , he really did .
but frank did n't want him to steal a state secret .
i just thought frank would n't let him steal a state secret .
frank 's not interested in the theft of state secrets .
frank framed everything around the theft of state secrets .
is that frank 's motive for the theft of state secrets ?
he owes it because frank wanted him to steal a state secret .
nothing else to torture him and murder him .
there 's no other way , torture and murder ,
no , my wish was to torture him and murder him .
he tortures him . . . and such a murder and torture .
whoever tortured him and killed him was the only one .
the whole torture and murder .
torture john , the last thing i want .
one torturous two nine nine
then i wished i 'd tortured him and killed him .
his murder 's not the main thing , his torture 's just all the more i want .
we were six years old , and we would n't have lived in 15 cities .
we were living six years ago , and we could n't find another place in 15 cities .
the last lived in six years in fifteen cities . ''
when i 'm six years old , someone will tell you that we live 15 cities .
the living six 's not going .
i guess we would n't have lived in 15 cities for six years .
that 's how many times we lived in 15 cities in six years .
our lived years in brazil had passed and i lived in 15 cities .
we all had to live in 15 cities for six years .
we wo n't be home for six years , is it ?
some bought for me .
there 's only been a few purchases .
so , yeah , what to buy .
we buy here somewhere else .
things were just buying .
why do we go out for some shopping ?
for example , we were buying some things
it 's bought for a few things
a given thing has n't been bought .
no , i do n't even want to buy . . .
but nobody and is n't home ?
well , the people said nobody was home ?
who 's not home
so do your people at home at all ?
can i see you at home ?
madam i 'll find no one ?
what he does n't have a home ?
no people in the house have spoken to us since yesterday ?
you came to the house , did anyone come home ?
was he not a home ?
according to you , how many times in the world have you been inside ?
and open for anyone ?
and that made you feel like someone was inside ?
you could have someone inside ? anyone ?
hey there 's someone ?
no ones coming in here ?
looking for him , i got a message and someone 's inside ?
do you anyone live in it ?
you have your presence in there ?
here . . . here and here ?
and look at her panties ?
come out in his pants ?
that 's her , right there ?
do you look at her panties ?
the whole thing just happened in her pants .
i look at her panties so you do n't know ?
so tanis is visible ?
did you see his pants ?
the guy 's one big ?
one two in his pants ?
wo n't show up until tomorrow morning .
we'il still have time tomorrow to discuss it .
two new cases have already been filed tomorrow morning .
and we will brief you in the morning ! ''
got a report in the morning .
the hearing was brief , okay ?
i want to brief you in the morning . ''
the report delivered to you is expected in the morning .
we were given a report in the morning to discuss .
we 'll be briefed in the morning . . .
you can shoot before i do , and we 'll count to ten .
but . . . i still do n't count ten .
what do you count . . .
fire in front of me is counted ten .
bullets are counted ten before i fire .
are you counting the gun before ?
shoot . shall we count to ten ?
we 're counting ten before i shoot .
and there will always be ten before i shoot .
he was shooting before i fired , ten .
its outer cover do n't burn .
fire flared the hydrogen inside and the fireball out of it .
how does his cover get blown up by a flame and hydrogen in the fireball ?
huge explosion of flame 's hydrogen molecules
the outer cover fire had caused the hydrogen to melt in the fireball .
the cover ignited the flames and made the hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover of the ship makes it possible to ignite the hydrogen inside the fireball .
a cloud of hydrogen burst into flames the hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover it flared as the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
this is really hot , hydrogen .
we got low oil prices .
prices of oil are still impossible for me .
but there are no oil prices in my hands .
sir , give up the oil price !
what price did they find ?
we can negotiate with them the price of oil
no such price was offered .
oil prices ca n't be fixed .
oil came out my way .
this is nowhere near the price of oil .
everyone 's busy today . everybody 's got to be .
the friend is not busy .
oh , still busy .
i know my friends are still busy .
still out of my friends .
the friends , i still have work to do .
what was that ? my friends kept busy ?
it 's with my friends , a lot of work .
a lot of friends , i 'm still busy .
he 's keeping busy .
gangs are about to be killed in wild shootings and bombings .
mrs . gang could n't survive in the wild shooting and bombings .
shoot them and bombs killed dozens of members of the gang .
he 's shot to death several times in a wild shootout and bombings .
i mean wild shots and bombings that killed dozens of members of the gang . . .
there 's still talk about shooting and bombs that killed dozens of members of gangs .
in wild shootings and explosive attacks , dozens died or all the time .
gang shooting killed dozens . . . bombs has also been reported to be killed .
the shooting so much kills .
and they ended up shooting and bombing dozens of members of the gang .
we have to do a lot of technical glitches when we have n't figured it out .
it 's still failed because of too many technical glitches .
all the technical glitches have n't worked out yet .
our techs have n't figured out too much .
but too many technical glitches we have n't figured out yet ,
people failing to solve too many technical glitches .
too , everything has failed to solve a lot of technical glitches .
it 's just a little technical .
we 'll have a lot of technical glitches
it 's nonsense .
next time you 're going to sit here , like it 's a mystery .
he 's got nothing to do than sit here and look mysterious .
that was just mysterious for you .
well , it 's just a sit down and look like a mystery .
your looks are nothing for you to sit here and look mysterious .
all you have to do is sit here and look like a mystery .
the mystery 's not found .
i was just looking suspicious .
but i thought about it . he does n't want you to sit here and look mysterious .
( i ) you 'll sit here and look like a mystery . . .
i heard something rain in the movie .
i just heard it 's really raining in your movie .
it was n't true in your movie .
so . . . let 's hear it 's really raining in your movie .
you said in the movie , it was really raining .
i heard your movie and the big rain .
the films have really seen the big rain .
this is saying your movie really rains .
speaking of big rains in your movie
that does n't tell me much about your movie . . . big rain .
sounds kind of mysterious to sit here and look like a mystery .
it 's just just not mysterious .
you sat there alone like a mystery .
now let 's sit here and look mysterious .
the whole thing is just sat there looking like a mystery .
sit the whole time like a mystery . . .
the only thing was a sit in there and look mysterious .
look , you can sit there and look like a mystery .
you 're sitting there so you do n't look mysterious .
the point . . . all you have to do is sit there and look like a mystery .
kind of tough enough guys
keep it up to him or be tough enough !
stop saying he was n't strong enough .
the two guys were tough !
the only thing i had to say was that he was n't strong enough !
you made me say he was n't strong enough . . . that 's enough !
nothing am i saying .
just listen to me . he 's not strong enough .
i ca n't .
do you have strong enough !
( a ) travesty of empire martial law martial law
it 's a traitor and an imperial punishment . ''
are n't they ?
does anyone punish his traitors ?
come on and punish the empire 's laws !
a penalty for this betrayal , the laws of the empire will punish him .
he 's also convicted
but the emperor 's law wo n't punish him .
imperial punishment for him a traitor , an imperial law
and then he dies !
the security and the guard will be fully alert .
that was the security . ''
full time alert full time security .
they 're his only security .
i 'll give him a full alert . he 'll be safe .
i mean , full alert as well as his security .
full alert means he was so secure .
and do n't be too alert
that 's right , he 's under surveillance .
the security is n't .
they drag the headless bodies , the shack and lucian .
the body without a head , lucian in a crumbling shack .
mrs . lucian has dragged a headless corpse into a crumbling shack .
lucian dragged the defenseless body and dragged off the decaying shack .
lucian no longer .
the headless one lusian , i found him in a crumbling shack .
they dragged , without heads , into a crumbling shack .
the bodies are headless .
he did n't have a head , he was n't gon na put it in a decaying shack , lucian was just pulling it out of him .
but was that lucian pulling the headless bodies into a crumbling shack ?
and yet he 's in the video .
the video in samaritans .
video as always .
have you noticed that in addition to the videos , they 're still carrying them ?
they have the same video to carry .
repeated video , non noticed anything
you know , they 're still carrying videos . . .
always keep the videos available .
do n't notice that , right ?
according to the videos , it 's like you did n't notice ?
there are farms and forests . . . close to where you were .
he 's farming nearby
such rich farm does n't have a neighbour 's woods .
on the farm with the woods , everything is close to your place .
mr . who 's got a farm and a forest near where you live ?
when you were on the farm , it 's going to be a forest near your house .
should i have come ?
what 's with the farm and the forest that 's adjacent to you ?
that have a farm and a forest near your house
farm , surrounded by , forest .
i would like to know if the war has released cothys . . .
so you 'll let the war burn the cothys ? ''
cothys at the end of the war . . .
one of the wars is that the cothys will be freed ?
the war is no longer ?
listen . . . did the war not bring cothy back ?
so you 'll never be able to open the war ?
they give up the war and release cothy ? ''
war had caused cothys to be released ?
according to the war , they 're cothys ' cause they did n't open up ?
we'il returning the houses ?
so it 's back to the house ?
the return of the house will bring us home , okay ?
the house is ours ?
come and get ready for our house , okay ?
at home , and that 's what we 're gon na do ?
that 's not true
the better thing to do is go home , right ?
at our house , everything is done ?
our house was ours , so we 're going home ?
three dollars , two dollars , a taiwanese gangster .
come up with a taiwanese gang 's territory .
wo n't you have given me the territory of a taiwanese gang ?
so you 're telling me , he 'll be assigned to a taiwanese gang .
you go to taiwanese gangs , you 'll get my territory .
that was taiwanese territory for a gang .
it 's here , taiwanese .
so if you do n't mind , give me a taiwanese gang 's territory .
tell me where a taiwanese gang is , sir .
is n't it taiwanese ?
you had no way too good for a salesman .
do no one really be too good for a salesman .
nobody 's perfection is so good .
the salesmen are all alone .
few people you ca n't be too good to be a salesman .
everyone 's not fit .
yeah , there was no way anyone could be so good as a salesman .
impossible , good and bad salesmen impossible people
if anyone can be so good , i 'm sure he can be a salesman .
never the salesmen were .
i almost see him when his moustache hangs .
the moustache could be seen , though he had a hung mustache .
give him something like a hanging moustache .
they look like he 's hanging his moustache .
this looked more like a hanging moustache .
to the look , hung on .
they 're looking at him like his moustache had a hangover .
could n't you see him hanging his moustache ?
yet he could see
he still looked oh .
i wanted to say something , but she put her slim hand on my shoulder and caressed me .
katharine leaned , leaned on my arm , and stroked me .
then she would be able to touch my slim hand and caress me . ''
she leaned lightly against my shoulder and caressed me .
is it possible that she put her slim hand on my shoulder and caressed me ?
they touch my lightly .
these are the places she put her slim hand on my shoulder and caressed me
katharine has a slim hand on my shoulder and caressed me .
de maro de la malaise ( leon apse )
something in her hand to caress me
and i think they 're really nice guys . ''
did n't it just seem nice boys who were really nice ?
the boy really can .
sounds like they 'd really be nice guys .
would n't it be nice if they were really nice boys ?
that 's kind of nice of them to be nice boys .
there were really nice guys in them . . .
a good boy seems really nice .
yeah guys , they look .
why does n't everyone look like nice boys ?
hard , are n't they ?
but there was still a sharp stone burning in their hands like a hot iron .
their hands burned .
take a rock hard and burn like a hot iron in your hand .
hard . . . it 's hot .
they could feel the sharp stones burning in their hands like a hot iron .
look hard as a hot iron in your hand .
someone was in the palm of his hand a hard rock like a hot iron .
the rock has a sharp , hot iron in its hands . . .
hard . . . hitting them like a hot iron .
is n't he cute ?
i mean he loves schumama .
dog do n't like schumama .
hey , dog , love it .
he 'll love schumama , all of a sudden .
schumama and little dog had taken him .
he ca n't take it because he loves schumama .
these belong to a little dog who likes schumama .
how can he love schumama when he 's a little dog ?
to see the little dog , he loves schumama
no , this ca n't be begged , including you !
did you ever make me beg for something ?
no one else forcing me even begs me for you .
never , beg for anyone , including you !
whose demands are no ?
sir , i only beg for one , not you .
but nobody did n't make me beg .
it 's just not enough begging for me , including you .
i ca n't . . .
'he 's begging me , including you . '
one thing was noted about social issues .
the social issues present very different features .
their differences on social issues showed in particular significant differences .
it shows significantly different things on social issues .
it 's not just social issues , it comes across big differences .
there is a very significant difference when it comes to social issues .
all right , i could n't see any big differences in social issues .
there 's a big difference in social issues , these differences show context .
you will find in social issues significant differences .
what is it big about social issues ?
he will scream again when he reaches the gate !
he once more screamed as he raced to the gate .
garuda repeat the cry he was rushing to the gate
those are the screams of garuda as he raced to the gate .
i cried again as garuda raced to the gate .
he does n't yell at him when he 's rushing to the gate .
one more quick step to the gate he screamed again ! mr . garuda .
garuda was still screaming .
shout garuda when he was rushing to the gate
garuda does n't stop screaming at the gate , and will shout again .
stop the crazy bathroom . . .
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , and i wo n't come out of the bathroom !
stop it . it 's enough if you do n't stop acting crazy .
"if they do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
they 're all crazy .
when do you stop being crazy and i wo n't come out of the bathroom !
who 's the fool without !
no , it 's so crazy !
crazy people , leave the bathroom .
it 's all madness now !
apartment is no longer habitable ?
someone 's apartments are here ?
apartments to rent , have you found out ? ''
did your father find an apartment ?
the apartments were already occupied ?
you have privy to the ownership of those apartments ?
so it 's a good time to find out who owns those apartments ?
the owners of those apartments were already in the news ?
if you knew who owned those apartments , you would have found them ?
mr . krajkowitz has told you who owns those apartments ?
so now you cry ?
mrs . jaffe says it 's not crying ?
no need much crying for you ?
there was no crying going on ?
the son of a bitch came here to cry ?
a little bit of crying have come true ?
maybe that 's the crying .
so be it or cry ? ''
someone makes crying out of you
as a result of this , did you cry ?
is it going to be our last penny for the film ?
the last penny was never to film the film .
well , movie is n't worth our last penny .
do we have the last penny for the film '' ?
and that 's no .
we do n't give a penny to the film for the last time .
make our money and last one .
we 're at risk of losing the last penny of the film .
if we do n't spend the last penny of the film , please .
the film costs we do n't have to spend the last penny .
the power comes from love . it came out of healing energy .
it gives us a love .
love awaken a healing
the healing power will come out of love .
what if i woke up with powerful healing energy out of love ?
when you fall in love , powerful restorative energy emerges .
lessons learn powerful restorative energy comes from love
no , do n't forget powerful restorative energy from love .
i came back from being a strong restorative energy .
how did you find yourself a powerful restorative energy ?
rock 's all right .
rock then comes to get your stuff back .
all right , return of your stones .
rocks are as good as you get your stuff back .
once get rocks in your hand you get your stuff .
you return rocks to your place .
yeah , then , i 'll give you the rocks and the things .
good rock and good rock for you to return your things .
you took the stones , the return of your things .
the stones did n't give you your things .
the request for a refund from the turnover tax is rejecting the requests of other customers .
rejected , '' someone said .
it rejects even the different requested refund .
where would they refuse to refund the tax they received from different customers ?
refusal of the turnover tax refund request
none of them answered the requests made by other customers for a refund in respect of turnover tax .
i also reject the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
which customer did he refuse ? ''
where he has not rejected the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax
but reject the application .
jen and i have embarked on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
i 'll just start a long judicial process so i can help great lawyers .
she started all this after a long process of judicial help for excellent lawyers .
what 's your one ?
he will begin a long judicial process and he is helping brilliant lawyers .
where 's that jen started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers ?
come on , jen .
i went to court for a long time to help brilliant lawyers .
he 's started a long judicial process and will help brilliant lawyers .
then the jen one started the long judicial process and the help of brilliant lawyers .
i ca n't believe what an idiot you are !
fucking idiots to be you .
you were kidding , man , you 're an idiot .
fool really did you .
the idiots have come up
you acted as if you were an idiot .
if you do n't mind , you 'll be fucked .
the fool made a fool of himself for being such a fool .
you 're like an idiot ,
you fool yourself with your stupidity and with yours
he wanted to say , one day our ship would be able to travel to another planet .
oh , in the future , when our ship can travel to another planet , planet number one '' ?
someone has a vision , one day our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
someday , if we were lucky , we'il ship ship , he gave us a trip to other planets .
people imagined the day when our ship could travel to another planet .
day time ( solar powered spacecraft )
it was possible , one day .
i have a dream that someday our spacecraft will travel to another planet .
someone 's spaceship came up with the idea of traveling to another planet someday .
someone did n't tell me once that our spacecraft could go to another planet someday .
we refuse to compensate the accused for their damage . ''
compensating the defendant for damage )
p . o . we do n't compensate the accused for their damage .
the damage done by the defendant was purely unjustified .
we have apologised irreparably to the accused for their damage . ''
we do n't compensate for damages , sir .
it was clear from the court that we would not compensate the accused .
defendant is unable to compensate for his damage .
we certainly do n't compensate the defendant , the damage he has done .
and defendant 's no compensation .
state control of the military needs to be denied .
the disclosure is my prerogative over the military .
gentlemen , i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
the authorities were not allowed to disclose military affairs .
allow me to disclose military affairs . ''
permission was never given and disclosed military affairs .
had permission to disclose military affairs ? ''
because it was beyond my authority to disclose military affairs
reports of military affairs do n't allow .
we have no military permission . . .
lucy lewis dragojevich recovers in 18 months .
18 months 20 months .
let 's say . . . they 'll be back in 18 months .
one half recovers in 18 months .
that 's only possible , 18 months .
so i guess they 'll be back in 18 months .
that they were recovering for 18 months .
his injuries were recovered .
recovery is possible 18 months .
the survivors of the hurricane were in the hospital for 18 months .
is it possible to argue in court ?
'we argued it . 'said the judge .
the court is right where we 're arguing in court .
we argued . i want to go to court .
oh , we'il have a fight , a fight in court , all of this in court .
in a court , it 's just argued in court .
it 's not possible here .
we have one argument before we go to court .
hey , everybody argued .
and we were arguing in court .
the criminal offence is an attempted first degree murder .
one of his crimes is an assassination attempt on the judge .
an attempted murder charge against the judge , huh ?
he committed murder proceedings against the judge .
and i think he 's trying to kill the judge .
i have a crime . . . an attempted murder charge .
jake accused him , trying to kill a judge .
here you go , and now he 's trying to kill a judge .
first , the defendant is seeking .
such crimes will also be attempted by the judge .
let 's see how a guy like tom van ends up , my dear .
do you hurt ?
is it bad enough for a guy like tom van to end up like that ?
a great man was a tom van !
and that 's going to be bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
yeah , once i 've got a guy like tom van who 's gon na end up like him .
given what he 's done to a guy like tom van , something bad has happened to him .
would n't it really shame on a guy like tom van to end up like that ?
oh , guys . tom van .
a big guy like tom van did it .
look , this is not agent spikings ' fault .
spikings made a mistake in this case and blamed for it .
spikings . . . ? . . he seems to have made some mistakes .
all right , look to agent spikings ' mistake .
interesting , agent spikings .
were there mistakes ?
spikings probably screwed up on agent .
i think agent spikings 's probably wrong .
what would you say agent spikings ? ''
the case seemed completely to agent spikings .
it was mr . pontail 's bread now , and he 's still hungry .
is n't mr pontail ?
i told you to bring mr . pontail 's bread .
so mrs pontail have a loaf of bread .
mr . pontail , you can have a loaf of bread .
hi . i 'll bring mr . pontail a loaf of bread .
my little mr pontail .
will there be bread for mr pontail ?
the pontail brothers have not given bread to mr . pontail .
'we 'll bring mr pontail bread
of course , no records were released from him
no official records is going . . .
in fact , it 's clear he 's got no official records .
ready to delete all official records , sir .
cleared out of all official records !
we 're cleared of official records immediately .
records and documents will be removed from him
shutting down all official records immediately .
we have clear , mr . public .
it 's official , complete to delete all the official records .
the boys had real good hands on their shoulders .
it 's all right , everybody .
no , when everyone is calm .
there 's only calm everyone
you 're all right .
so what kind of calm is everyone ?
one step one calm down for everyone
everybody calm down , mr . harrison .
mrs . shannow was calm about it .
what 's it ?
food cost scales do n't cost 2,000 .
yeah , yeah , that 's what food costs .
are we in food together ?
meals were supposed to cost about 2,000 standard .
and if it 's food , the food will cost 2,000 .
and the whole meal costs about 2,000 standard .
meals were roughly costed .
to eat , it 's worth 2,000 standard .
and we only do n't eat by 2,000 standards .
sure . . . expensive .
would you do n't have a lawyer or judge ?
'i have n't spoken to a prosecutor , a public prosecutor or a judge ?
do you know your lawyer ?
you spoke up and said you were a prosecutor or a public defender ?
attorney , be familiar with a lawyer or judge ?
that 's not what you were talking about with a prosecutor or a judge ?
if you were talking to a prosecutor , i 'd say a defense attorney or a judge .
that was about your lawyer or judge ?
you spoke to an attorney general , or did he speak to a judge ?
what does justice do ?
every knight will say that this is what freedom is .
oh , there 's . . .
same as every wannabe knight .
it was n't one .
ca n't you hear all those wannabe knights like this ?
and so he said in all those wannabe knights .
they 'll be here all out of the wannabe knights .
i used to say , every wannabe knight says
and at least every wannabe knight who says this .
every knight can say this and keep it up .
no one one one was going to stop being crazy .
will you get out the bathroom ?
you 're crazy before you stop being crazy , my dear !
it takes time for everyone to stop being crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom . . .
nobody 's crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
you can go before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
my bath has n't been enough for everyone to be crazy .
who 's not crazy enough to come out of the bathroom ?
guys before they 've gone crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
what are you saying , before you all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
i heard one more scream before garuda sped off toward the gate .
as garuda is rushing to the gate , he screams again
twenty two again garuda screams .
that 's the second time garuda screamed .
he sped off to the gate and shouted his name again .
take a quick look at the gate to shout again .
could see garuda screaming at him to go to the gate .
he will scream at the gate one more time
the man garuda will give him a shout as he drives to the gate .
the third will shout garuda as he raced to the gate .
as a result of the decision , it was necessary to carry out some tests .
they 're going to be tested , their test is necessary , and the decision has already been made .
testing '' of which the decision has been made .
more thorough in the tests they have been selected .
mr . go through the tests that have been decided .
their tests must not be .
and he must undergo a test , which was decided
court officials will give them a test , which has been decided .
i have them . i have to carry out some tests .
undergoing tests the decision has been made
the thing is that i did n't try . . .
was n't my test subject ?
one good thing i did n't try it .
what the hell am i not trying to do ?
such testing is not due to i did n't try .
why did n't i try it ?
yeah , sounds like i did n't try it .
my life expectancy was . . .
no doubt it 's no different .
what ? what 's wrong with that i did n't even try .
something had even gotten to me in the end .
this guy keep hitting me worse .
this guy still gets to me worse .
mr . ryan . . . he 's got a lot worse for me .
yeah , i 've got worse , a lot of worse .
you know , that even worse thing has happened to me . . .
that was still worse .
mrs jaffe has made me worse off , even worse off .
now my head is worse .
what are the other worse hits ?
people have forgiven me so hard to forgive them .
my forgiveness 's getting tough .
it is difficult forgiveness for me .
did you regret forgiveness ?
yet forgiveness is lacking .
the difficulty of forgiving myself . . .
it 's a tough one .
but at the same time he can forgive himself for it .
this has not been forgiven by myself .
difficult for me to forgive myself for this .
the body is not warm .
then we 'll all just keep our bodies warm .
no , we did n't heat our bodies .
the body came and got us together , to keep us warm .
we'il huddle body parts .
get those bodies together and warm up .
body wraps up .
how does the body heat ? ''
now , warm body is a piece of us .
body will now be huddled together .
no sound of her , of course , is screaming or crying ?
no one sounds any like a fight or a cry ?
he never cries himself ?
it 's just a struggle and no crying ?
you said nothing about the fight or the crying ?
joe jenner , joe joannson , joanna jennet , joannet jenson
do you all the wails and cries ?
and no one cries ?
i do n't know if there was a cry or fight ? ''
have you said there was no sound of fighting or crying , huh ?
i talked to you , yelling wo n't solve anything .
i ca n't deal with screaming , that 's not going to solve anything .
the biggest problem is yelling at us .
well , it was n't helpful .
i got nothing answers for screaming .
we 're gon na get out of the screaming , nothing .
yelling was no help .
who 's yelling at us , our problem .
needless yelling at things we do n't solve
we 're going to be yelling , '' nothing solved .
cliff 1 , cliff 2 , cliff 3 shore , cliff 4 mountain , cliff 5 , cliff 6 , cliff 7 .
the coast , what 's behind the mountains , i do n't know .
the mountain road was right there .
and it was mountainous !
the other side of the mountain has taken place on the shore .
the way , the shore was behind the mountains .
once the mountains are gone , shore will be !
it 's not a long way off the mountain .
the shore of the mountains behind the mountains is two hundred miles .
it was clear . . . ! . . that the coast was behind the mountains .
no , that does n't mean ice and cups .
i 'd better get some ice and cups ready !
what are we all doing here with ice and cups ?
well , that makes ice and cups ready !
but we have to prepare ice and cups . . .
two big glasses of ice and cups were ready to go .
we 're gon na have ice , and . . .
ready for ice and cups !
the ice was n't fixed so we could go get some cups .
i should go for ice with cups .
fuck off , do you alcoholic like me ?
someone was drug addicts , maybe alcoholics ?
the drug addict does n't have to be an alcoholic .
the drugs you 're taking or alcohol are the ones who 're not addicted to ?
my own drug addicts were none of my business ?
well , one addicts ?
maybe he was looking out for drugs or alcohol ?
never alcoholic drinks ?
well , as a drug addict , you can be an alcoholic .
not a drug addict who 's not an alcoholic .
hey , hey , look , do you have a problem ?
someone seems wrong . . .
listen . did anyone look bad ?
looks like someone 's got a bad idea ?
who should n't seem bad ?
do any kind of bad thing happen to anyone ?
for some reason , it seemed like someone was n't right ?
and for certain things there 's something in it , like someone seems to be a bad guy ?
like someone and he seems bad ?
bad news , eh ?
you should n't have taken your medication , but it 's okay .
how does he take his medication now ?
can i see you taking roy 's medication ?
i 'll take care of roy 's medication .
so have any of roy 's pills ?
mr . roy took his medication .
it 's okay , mr . ritchie . he 's allergic .
he 's not taking out ?
the drugs you gave roy . . .
you were given roy a medicine ?
i mean , dilithium can be re crystallised without any external help , even if control at molecular level fails
there was one dilithium .
yeah , it 's even possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even if the molecular level control failed .
yet the dilithians are able to re crystallize without external help , even though molecular levels are not controlled .
without any external help , dilithium undergoes a re crystallization without further complications , even though molecular levels are not controlled .
dilithium still reconstitution .
may be re crystallized without external help , even if the molecular control of the molecular level fails .
they recrystallized the dilithium one .
dilithium gave its return to normal without external help although control at molecular level failed .
dilithium rerystalization is carrying out without external help , even though control at molecular level has failed .
how did the state attorney your lawyer was ?
what 's your best lawyer ?
your lawyer is two judges ?
no , you do n't .
is there anyone involved ?
well , what would n't judge ?
how are you so public ?
your lawyer has already advised you about the judge ?
it 's like talking to a prosecutor or a judge .
lawyers for the defense and the judge are pretty good .
beat daily japanese and healthy !
but i 'm not in charge of his healthy beating every day .
that 's why he 's supposed to be healthy every day .
must i be beaten daily by japanese so he can be healthy ?
the game was on japan 's daily schedule , as long as he was healthy .
yeah , you need his healthy beating daily .
one after beating the japanese daily .
you need one on japan 's daily games so he can be healthy .
japanese daily fights were needed for his health .
he 's . . . healthy .
and bad luck has taken those who have broken their promise .
well , he caught up with those who broke his promise .
that , in addition to the virgin , he will take the ones who have broken their promise .
they 're after the virgins , caught by the promise .
the virgins were taken there by those who broke their oath .
who are the ones who broke your promise ?
will he be taken aback and taken aback by those who have broken their promise ?
he said he would take the virgins , so the one would break his promise .
and how do you take the virginity and the ones who broke your promise ?
he will take back the virgin and the ones who have broken their promise
according to my experience , dolores did exactly what she had done for years .
there 's no doubt dolores does what she 's done for years !
dolores does n't really even years ago .
believe me , dolores has done exactly the same for years ,
according to me , dolores did exactly what she did for years , mr . harrison .
would she do the same for years ?
she looks over at me like dolores doing what she 's been doing for years .
two years passed the same thing .
looks like dolores have done what she 's been doing all these years .
all right , i do n't doubt dolores does exactly what she has done , for years .
but it 's only 10 weeks .
the wedding ceremony only took a dozen weeks .
and another week together !
and how did it be 10 weeks ?
what does i need ? 10 weeks .
weeks in a couple of weeks , right ?
when we 're together . . . (. . . i only lived with him for 10 weeks .
in ten weeks !
a couple of weeks to go .
we 're in 10 weeks , are n't we ?
did you visit late ?
you were late , too late .
visits took a long time and i tired of them .
your evening visit was exhausting .
someone 's a late .
the visits of you were already tired of me .
and would you stop for a late night visit ?
night visits have tired of me
visits were exhausted by the late night
visits took me .
i ca n't pronounce it , but it 's called cartuche tutankhamen .
people refer to cartuche tutankhamen .
they called him as cartuche tutankhamen .
cartuche has not been named .
must have been cartuche tutankhamen was named .
it will be called cartuche tutankhamen and say
the cartuche ca n't be called , pheasant one will not be called .
that 's right . there 's a cartuche tutankhamen .
we call cartuche tutankhamen
how did he call cartuche tutankhamen ?
give me your presidential election .
he 's campaigning the presidential election right now .
the presidential election today i 'm talking to .
now , as far as i know , there 's an election for president .
on which elections will be held in the presidential election today .
here , i 'm talking to you about the presidential election .
this is an ongoing presidential election in a conference room ,
we are present , presidential .
two elections for president have taken place in the conference room .
president '' elections take place
no one teaching and he 's talking ?
not a word , but no one teaching you ?
it 's okay , '' nobody taught ?
never , tell you good ?
do you have anyone who can tell you when to speak ?
i have no one to teach you how to speak
no one 's ever talking ?
all right , you 're talking ?
having a good time with no one teaching you ?
do n't ask , you learn to speak ?
you brought out the guns that fired under the water ?
under the water , you have a gun that shoots underwater ?
there was still fire under the water ?
i just got your gun to shoot under the water ?
he 's got guns under the water ?
that can fire under the water . ''
hey , i can shoot under the water .
weapon capable of shooting underwater ?
you can all shoot under the water ?
well , you can shoot it under the water ?
we 're off the trail of the damn girl .
damn it . she 's no trace of the girl .
god damn left traces of the girl .
god damn did nothing and none of this girl 's tracks . . . ''
shit , she 's not missing .
leave the one with the damn girl nowhere to trace .
that 's not what the damn girl 's missing .
god damn , we have no trace of the girl !
her girl was never found .
'i did n't find any trace of the damn girl .
your job now is a bull .
reattacked back to the bull and faster !
and return to the bull as quickly as possible .
you were gon na have to go back to the bull faster .
i . orders on bulls and faster , that 's what you have to do !
bull . . . even faster !
come on . you have to go back to the bull faster .
if you want to go back to the bull faster , it is .
it all comes down to you getting back to the bull faster .
you'il need such a quick return to the bull .
i 'm . . . are n't i right ?
why do n't you really believe ?
so are you saying to me ?
hey , i 'm telling the truth , right ?
when it came to it , i told you really ?
was it in it truth ?
and do n't be true .
you told me the truth , right ?
you really did it , two things happened ?
true to be told ?
grandpa barn , look
at the old granny 's barn , she must have stayed inside .
well , i should have checked the box at grandma 's stables . . .
no , that 's in grandma 's stables .
'he thinks you checked grandma 's stables ?
she probably has a little left in the barn !
come to grandma 's barn ,
and did you check the box on grandma 's stables ?
someone checked the box at grandma 's stables .
look , this is grandma 's barn . she had to stay there .
that 's not clear how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
okay , i guess we underestimated how hard it was to cover the book .
in fact , both of us , and at the same time , we underestimate the difficulty . . . (. . . how difficult it is to pose for the book 's cover .
yeah , the problem is hard to pose for the cover of the book .
it 's just hard .
guess . we underestimated how hard it was to make a cover for the book .
book cover too !
we 've yet to underestimate how difficult it is to make a cover for the book .
the problem was in underestimating the difficulty , and for the cover of the book .
the problem is the difficulty to pose for the cover of the book .
the young man was the victim of a terrorist attack who died at the scene .
we would expect him to die in an attack on a terrorist group .
according to reports , the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group . . .
consider the boy 's death a terrorist act , okay ?
the death of the boy , the terrorists , the authorities .
after all , he is the victim of a terrorist attack .
he died and then there was a terrorist attack .
they have identified the boy as a terrorist so far .
the people who knew the boy had probably died a terrorist attack .
was n't there an attack on the boy ?
and if you know , one of the women who worked at the house also killed herself .
yeah , killing a woman who worked at the house next door .
get rid of the woman who worked at the house next door .
the woman did not live nearby and killed herself too .
housekeeper killing .
i can also find a woman working at the house to kill herself .
the woman would have worked at the house and would have killed herself .
i saw one woman , a maid at the house , who also committed suicide .
they 've also also killed a woman who works at the neighbour 's house .
i found a woman who worked at the house next door , too .
he 's waiting for me to take a few shots .
stay with me for a few shots
if you do n't mind , we got some shots .
my only chance is my photo .
hey , if you do n't mind , i 'll take a few shots .
the only other thing will be a few shots here .
just a second to where i 'll take a few shots .
the thing is , he did n't take a few shots .
for some shots , the man will take a few .
and go ahead for a few shots .
we strengthen the protection of businesses by the european commission in the fight against fraudulent marketing .
they are all so european .
businesses are protected , the european commission is involved , they defend themselves , they protect themselves from fraudulent marketing .
how can it be that the european commission will protect businesses from fraudulent marketing ?
the protection of businesses have a european commission , the commission is responsible to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
it was strengthened .
business protection . . . the european commission is working to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing
the companies were also protections .
european commission strengthened that .
but the five nations are better protected by the european commission than the marketing fraud .
the northern shaolin is likely to think of its enemies as their patron .
so northern shaolin would have thought of his enemies as his patron .
everyone had such views north shaoolin regarded his enemies as his patron saint .
my view was north shaolin 's enemies regarded him as their patron .
the reactions to the north shaolin 's enemies regarded him as their patron .
he 's thinking of north shaolin 's enemies as his patron , and he 'll probably think of them as his enemies .
the view of my opinion , north shaolin regarded his enemies as his patron saint .
would he think that north shaolin 's enemies were his benefactor ?
north shaolin 's enemy as well as he would have thought of him as his patron .
based on my experience , north shaolin views its enemies as its patron .
not wan na say if anyone did it deliberately ?
no one 's in a way to say if anyone 's done it deliberately ?
when i was there , i had no way of telling if anyone had done it deliberately .
no way that anyone could have said it was deliberately done ?
someone 's not capable of telling if there 's a purpose ?
your wife 's not gon na tell if anyone 's done it deliberately ?
guess people do it all the way to tell if they were doing it deliberately ?
there are few ways of telling if anyone was doing this deliberately .
way to find out if someone was doing it deliberately ?
any way of telling someone would n't be in a sense of purpose ?
opinion is just changing depending on how your information looks .
view ? it 's just changing how your information looks .
look , no change .
experience changes made just look like your information .
but in any case , i 'm changing the way your information looks .
mr . view is not changed .
are you just changing what your information looks like ?
opinion can change only in your view , and it changed your information .
oh , come on .
view had been changed only in the way the information was displayed .
what 's your point ? you ca n't even talk about it .
i mean you ca n't even talk about this .
there will be no more to talk about ?
he still has n't talks ?
nothing came up and talked up about it ?
can i just talk to you right now ?
okay boy , you ca n't talk ?
that 's no longer able to talk . . .
by the way , you want to talk , but you have to stop now ?
i like when you ca n't even talk about it
and an hour of smoking is going to be the usual .
smoking time , smoking is going to be like always .
smoke bath hour cigarettes all the time .
it 's an hour . . .
like always , smoking took an hour like everyone else .
an hour to smoke . it 's just . . . smurfs .
a whole hour smoking that 's always done .
smoke 's in one hour .
the smokers will smoke for hours .
everyone 's smoking is going to do it for hours .
no one is strong enough for them , sharon continued .
'even if they 're not strong enough , 'sharon continued . '
still , she told him that he was n't strong enough to handle them .
one bad for them , sharon continued .
still sharon claims sharon has n't been strong enough .
she complained about him and says about him that he 's not strong enough .
how can sharon be hard on them ?
sharon still said she was n't strong enough , sharon said .
i had no idea . . .
a lot of them say sharon .
believe it , miranda had no idea at the moment .
it 's worth her time miranda had no idea .
this is the only one .
she had no idea at the moment , '' miranda thought .
it seems to miranda that she had no idea at the moment .
now is the only time miranda had no idea .
would she know at the moment ? ''
would she find out now miranda had no idea ?
unsure as of now miranda had no idea .
they do n't her miranda yet .
it was n't me , i grew up on my own .
no , no .
yeah , single kid i grew up
by the time i grew up , i was on my own .
she grew up alone . . . ! . . on her own .
who knew i was on my own .
is that why i grew up on my own ? ''
are you raising me alone ?
come on , i 'm on my own .
i have a life .
restructuring was a procedure usually carried out in parallel to financial restructuring .
restructuring financially and restructuring of businesses is common .
and work out .
'they are common , 'said the attorney general .
these are not common restructurings .
a financial restructuring shall be carried out in parallel .
mr . business restructured together .
their activities were usually combined .
this is usually done simultaneously with a financial restructuring and a business restructuring .
i 'm not usually involved in financial restructuring , i did n't operate .
hey , would you like girlie ponytail too ?
the girl in the ponytail has been my favorite . ''
the one girl ponytail was very popular .
and that 's my favorite girl .
the girl always had such a ponytail .
girl ponytail to my favourite .
then she was n't a girl .
picking up girls in a ponytail .
then they took the girls , and they 're my favorite .
everyone liked how girls had a ponytail .
so tell me what beauty is pulling your lips and cheeks
you have roubles on your lips and your cheeks , and you 're being drawn to the beauty .
what , do you see the roubles on your lips and your cheeks ?
one hundred is one .
put on your lips and your cheeks and you 'll get a piece of beauty !
come on , look up .
it was as much as the roubles on your lips and cheeks as the beauty .
as you put the roubles on your lips and your cheeks , she was drawn as beautiful as she was .
and let 's see how beautiful it is on your lips and your cheeks .
even roubles to the lips and cheeks of the beauty .
there is another important factor to prevent a large number of diseases from participating in sport .
especially the sports .
it was his involvement that could prevent a large number of diseases .
sports does not prevent disease much more .
i focused on the fact that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
moreover , the sport is able to prevent a large number of disease complications .
participation in sport in particular prevents a large number of disease complications .
but it is more important that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
sports not . sport can prevent a large number of disease complications .
two things else they were prevented from participating in sports
what flexibility do i need ?
what was it up to the maximum possible flexibility ?
note , the regulation which provides the maximum possible flexibility .
in those rules there must be a maximum possible flexibility .
should not they provide their rules ?
it is not possible to provide maximum flexibility , but it is a possibility .
however , it is for these rules to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
it was necessary therefore .
do not exceed the maximum possible flexibility and that is why the rules must be laid down .
flexibility 's also needed to provide maximum possible flexibility .
your fear 's in the fear .
why the hell are you scared ?
'it was your fear .
you have to worry , i 'm not afraid .
is there a little fear here ?
i mean it , so you should n't be scared .
he 's looking for you out there .
so there will be no fear .
protect yourself , protect yourselves , fear no fear .
and your fear . ''
besides , sounds like a lot of confusing , 'said the prisoner .
what would your mind be about ? '' the captive asked .
but your talk is confusing .
why do your words come to me ? '' the captive asked .
it seems like you 're confusing me .
but please talk about something that 's confusing me .
sounds like a strange thing to me .
the talk will come to me , i find it confusing .
find out , my mind .
something confused my own mind about what you were talking about .
repeal one of the bans .
the repeal commission has announced its intention to cancel the ban .
people say a ban on smoking will be lifted .
the ban was canceled . . .
the people of the republic came to him he said he would cancel the ban .
two and hundreds of thousands of cubic metres of which that ban will be lifted
he spoke of the repeal of the ban and vowed to do so .
they of course cancel the ban .
ban 's going bankrupt .
this time i 'll get rid of the ban .
wielding a sword and not hurting the demons will not hurt you when you have this blade at your side .
you very well !
there 's no harm that way when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force is not allowed to hurt you when you have the sword at your side .
now the sword did n't hurt you .
well , do n't worry . . . demonic forces wo n't hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
but , with the sword at your side , no demonic force will hurt you .
well , you had no .
demonic forces came out with the sword on your hip .
yes , but he had no effect on you when the blade was on his hip .
let dr lo 's guard alone !
grandma going to let dr . lo handle it .
grandma dr lo ca n't leave him alone because he knows what he 's doing .
your great grandmother left for dr lo to know what he was doing .
he had no idea what he was doing .
but the doctor knows .
the grandmothers and dr lo are alone with him .
i do n't give a shit about dr . lo .
grandma ! leave dr . lo alone !
the doctor will show up on his own .
han sidestepped a large black wolf dog sit next to him
the only thing he can do is sit next to him , and there will be a huge black wolf dog .
the dog 's gone .
you 're right , my friend is a big black wolf . . . with his big dog .
that 's wolfish .
he 's i 'm talking to a big black wolf dog .
he immediately clung to a large black wolf dog .
i 'm sorry . what 's the big black wolf dog ?
big black , wolf .
black dog , black wolf , dog , wolf , wolf dog , dog !
moreover , i do n't look at her beauty as a single solitary sight that has never been seen before .
not so much as she was beautiful . . . her eyes were filled with a strange loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
impressed by her beauty , as well as an extraordinary sense of loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
how is it going so that i was n't so impressed by her beauty ?
such beauties do n't strike me .
i was n't impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before . ''
none of her beauty struck me as much as the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
none of her beauty has impressed me more than an extraordinary loneliness in her eyes that has never been seen before .
let me say that i was not impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
they have impressed me not only by her beauty , but by the fact that there is a special loneliness in her eyes that has never been seen before
i 'm taking care of the customer 's security , okay ?
your client 's a guarantor ?
the customer will be safe .
your responsibilities are as well as customer safety .
the customer 's security liability of you as a member of the company .
the customers gave security security responsibility .
the customer did n't get safe , did he ?
you 're responsible '' for the safety of customers , right ?
did anyone . . . take care of the safety of the customer ?
you 're also a customer 's security . . . ? customer safe ?
do you see him in the eye like he 's patting my brain ?
robert louis look me straight in the eye , like he was testing my brain .
does he look me in the eye like he 's testing my brain ?
my father looked me in the eye like a caressing of my brain .
in the blue eye , he looked like he was testing my brain .
joe janson i looked him in the eye and examined my brain .
i could n't see him looking in my eyes
so how do you see my eyes ?
could see my eyes , as if i 'd had a brain scan
look me in the eye , which resembles a pat on the brain .
when are we looking for new artists ? ''
then it 's the artists .
new art emerged at the beginning of the 1970s .
art began , new artists were born .
will i introduce you to new artists ?
i 'd come to the 1970s , and i could see a new artist emerging .
hey , our artists were new .
the artist is not so new .
artist then artist .
and everyone started to be artists at the beginning of the 1970s .
with regret nothing of my feeling better
you can excuse me and made no improvement in my feelings .
. . . what you 've done to me before , sorry , it 's not going to be any better . '
sorry excuse me it 's not going to be better
your apologies for me failed to improve my mood .
why did n't you tell me you 're sorry ?
come back and be sorry for me .
did you upset me so much that your apologies did n't help me ?
how does it get better with your apologies ?
with regrets i 'm not feeling better .
one day to francesca sabatini 's calm and quiet .
francesca sabinini kept quiet and calm . .
francesca went to the meeting with calm and serenity .
however , the calm of francesca sabinini continues to her .
keep up your composure .
the sabbats were kept quiet and they were silent throughout the meeting .
then goes the whole meeting .
the meeting with francesca sabatini do n't forget she was calm and relaxed .
her behaviour could be observed by francesca sabatini , who was calm and calm .
how could i forget about francesca sabatini ?
she wants a kiss . she wants her first kiss .
are you hoping to kiss him for the first time ?
are these his kisses ?
she was hoping for the first time , and there was supposed to be a first kiss .
still , i was hoping to kiss him for the first time .
baby girl i love kisses .
girls have n't wanted to have a first kiss .
lysa would like to kiss him for the first time
put her wish on his first kiss .
how did she want to kiss him first ?
the wilson reduced me very much .
but i 'll significantly reduce the chances of sex with wilson .
wilson gives me a lot less chance to have sex .
it 's not possible . wilson 's gon na significantly reduce my chances of sex .
to that end , he 'll reduce my chances of having sex .
the sex chances for wilson decreased by a great deal .
so he 'll go to wilson a lot less likely to have sex with me .
so he 's gon na reduce my chances of sex . . .
it reduces sexually .
what if wilson , i 'm significantly less likely to have sex .
did she look up ?
the girls looked surprised and looked at langdon .
they exchange surprise .
what about the surprise ?
they exchange surprise glances .
as she turned to langdon , marion exchanged a surprised look .
the girl 's a surprised look .
he looks at langdon in surprise , ''
i exchange surprise glances .
langdon 's a surprised look .
i did n't hear about that ?
oh , the way you heard about her ?
'you know him , 'said vimes .
you heard about him and got rid of him ?
just the fact that you hear about it ?
she knows you know about her ?
okay , talk to me about it ?
so do n't be familiar with it ?
the people know him , mr and grandpa ?
someone 's talking to you ?
everyone suspected her ex boyfriend was a girl who had problems .
yeah , they do n't suspect ex girlfriends when they 're in trouble .
former boyfriend used to be everyone 's suspect when the girls were in trouble .
do you know how everyone suspects an ex wife when a girl is in trouble ? ''
why did n't you suspect an ex boyfriend ?
of course , they 'll be looking for an ex boyfriend when the girls are in trouble .
your ex wife always suspected the girls .
ex boyfriends did n't let anyone know when the girls were in trouble .
what girl do you suspect ?
and how do you suspect an ex wife when a girl is in trouble ?
grady , you 'll negotiate it together ?
how does grady agree ?
even the gradian negotiations were in agreement ?
grady himself as he agrees to negotiation ?
you 're gon na agree to negotiate , grady . . .
mrs gradi agreed to a negotiation ?
professor grady approval number one , two
grady , did you like negotiation ?
all of grady 's negotiators have an agreement ?
to have grady agrees with negotiation ?
'what does it mean ? 'the estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably .
the estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably .
estimates of different stakeholders differ considerably , thanks to differences in estimates .
i estimate differed .
estimates of individual stakeholders differ considerably , hi me .
the estimate varies the estimate . ''
estimating it differently varies between different stakeholders .
i have found considerable differences between estimates of the various stakeholders . . . in particular .
it is well known . . . different stakeholders estimate significantly different .
i examined the estimates of different stakeholders and found significant differences .
there 's no love , hard .
hard , why 's no love ?
and would you have liked me because i 'm hard ?
you 'll hate me because i 'm tough and i 'll be strong . ''
i do n't want to be liked , man .
i 'm hard you 're not gon na like me . . .
just relax , i 'm hard .
then there are no feelings for me because i 'm hard .
to my weakness , you will not love me .
you were n't taking me for being tough .
joao de caso de especies horticolas , is n't he home snacks ? o . o .
snack 's over ?
for the snacks , sir , took the boxes ?
they 'll give you a box to eat ?
two whole boxes are in them ?
hey , your little snack ?
he 's got a snack ? she 's taking a snack .
of course , everyone was in the snack box ?
someone came in here and took the whole snack boxes because they . . .
where they took the snacks ?
just as the evidence shows that there are serious failings in the security system .
and can we prove ?
serious failings identified in the security system are manifested in the facts .
security system evidence i state unequivocally that there are serious shortcomings .
it is well aware of the evidence that there are serious failings in the security system .
can i point to the evidence that there are serious shortcomings in the security system ?
as a result , it was a clear visible flaw in the security system .
i have a clear evidence that there are serious failings in the security system .
our data shows there are serious failings in the security system .
see and see the evidence that there are serious failings in the security system
and that 's a guy named doogie howser ?
howser knew doogie howser .
doogie one of howser ?
you grew up with doogie howser , and you know what he 's like ?
there are doogie howseri .
the doogie howser is also . . .
having fun with doogie howser
your dad did n't come and you still got n't figured out who doogie howser was ?
how about we know ?
howser has known who doogie howser is
i never knew how many years he had kept his stuff ?
did he ever have to keep his stuff for 10 years ?
and is it because he 's got his stuff for 10 years ?
everyone keeps his stuff more than 10 years ?
is that man stuff ?
people to keep his stuff for 10 years ?
what 's not 10 years old ?
so they 're not keeping his stuff for 10 years ?
what a decade . . .
the boxes are about to be held for more than 10 years ?
the enemy came in and they took a few seconds .
he could see the enemy in a few seconds he could n't see anything .
i heard the enemy had arrived in a few seconds .
before seconds had passed , they could see the enemy , as they arrived .
enemy forces in seconds and a few seconds .
they were arriving in a few seconds , surrounded by enemies .
they arrive their enemies in a few seconds .
soon , when the enemy came to the scene . . .
there are enemies in a few seconds .
shortly afterwards they arrived .
are you making my stupid head ?
the fool was just one hundred dollars ?
oh , that must be stupid .
there 's a fool in me , an idiot ?
i ca n't be ?
well , that idiot ?
you got to be kidding me , like an idiot .
i 'm such a fool . ''
one grown man says i 'm an idiot .
the damn things are me and i 'm such a fool ?
i guess it 's a little sad that your friend . . .
can i have a friend one ?
in fact , there 's a little sadness in your friend 's life .
oh , yeah , that 's sad .
someone died recently .
okay , buddy , let 's say you 're a little sad that your girlfriend gave her life .
that was a little sad of your friend , right ?
yeah , do n't worry too much about your friend 's life .
after a friend .
a little sad friends die
the whole bad thing is supposed to be a pain ?
a monster one to enjoy the pain
those are for the pain .
i think you 're crazy . . . you like pain .
there 's a monster in you who likes pain .
what kind of monster does pain like ?
you were happy to enjoy the pain .
crazy , 'cause 's pain ?
just how you like pain .
someone hurt you and said you like pain .
insult only means that you take the bullet .
you 're just insulted .
then you 'll take the bullet once .
in insulting the germans , if you mean , i 'll shoot you .
and what you insult the germans is that you take the bullet .
insulting germany was equivalent to taking a bullet .
he was just like a bullet to offend the germans .
but you insult the germans , and you take the bullet
is that what insulting the germans means ?
insult , how does it mean ? insult the germans . '' shoot .
it 's a sniper 's gun that 's gon na be successful .
don't shoot down a sniper rifle .
the operation 's success will be due to a sniper 's gun .
keep an eye on your sniper rifle successively .
well , our successful operation depends on a sniper rifle .
success 's based on a sniper rifle in action .
we do n't have a sniper 's gun , but we 're going to have a successful operation .
success depends on the sniper 's gun and his ability to carry out an operation .
the following operation does not match the sniper 's gun
one successful operation , single shot , shot a sniper , one shot , 0 . 0 . e . r . o .
a growing number of people is producing nuclear weapons .
is there any individual to produce nuclear weapons ?
it 's impossible ,
nuclear weapon production is completely impossible for individuals .
who 's no ?
their nuclear weapon has been unable to produce individuals .
stay away from nuclear weapons .
and if people do n't have nuclear weapons , no one will have them ?
of course , someone had no intention of producing nuclear weapons .
do n't individual people produce nuclear weapons
'no wonder that miracles never end ? '
can it end with a miracle ?
that 's for sure and no miracles ?
yeah . and miracles ? ?
no miracle ever ends ?
see , if miracles do n't work ?
i guess the miracle never ends ?
well , miracles like that have no end to them ?
miracle wo n't last forever , and the miracle will be over ?
there will be no miracles . . . ? . . and the miracle will be over ?
the flechtte on the helmet . . .
he hit the flechtte on his helmet and leg .
that 's flechtec '' hitting his helmet .
hitting his helmet , hitting his feet .
which means the flecks on his helmet and feet . . .
as he hits his helmet and his feet , he ca n't pick it up .
and flechtec hits him in the helmet and in the leg .
and that 's just when the flecks hit the helmet and the leg .
miss , misses , the flecks , the helmets , the feet , the legs .
and are you still going to hit the flecks on your helmet and your feet ?
4 . , another , another four , next to the village entrance .
come closer to the village entrance , we also have .
do you look around at the other four at the village entrance ?
at the back door .
then there are four more at the entrance to the village .
another four , yes .
and another four is located at the entrance to the village .
do you see another four at the entrance to the village ?
others at the main entrance
did you also find at the access point of the village ?
, as a result , a pension scheme similar to defined benefit pensions is being offered to an even smaller number of employers .
something pension is taking on a smaller part of the employer as a similar pension scheme .
so i like pension schemes , which are similar to defined benefit pensions , offer less of an employer .
employer can not claim that there is something similar to a pension scheme , which is offered to them by a smaller group .
thus , something akin to defined benefit pensions is offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
offering the same .
and offer this pension as a pension scheme to a smaller part of the employer .
they offer two types of pensions similar to defined benefit pensions that only a small number of employers offer .
in the same way as defined benefit pensions , it is a smaller part of the employer 's offer .
thus offer this latterly .
uh , i 've been investigating how many doses were given in animal testing . ''
she was interested in how many doses were administered to animals . ''
its own examination has examined the amount of doses administered to animals .
this means she has assessed how many doses have been administered in animal testing
is this examination necessary ?
she examined the amount of doses administered to animals , therefore .
its examination determined the dose administered to the animals , so it was calculated .
and therefore examined dosing , the animal 's dose .
has so far examined how many doses have been administered to animals .
karin 's not testing .
measures need in place someone watching your back
i guess you have to make sure someone is watching you .
make sure i keep someone behind your back .
it takes two people right behind your back .
you had to make sure someone was watching you , right ?
had someone to watch out for your back ?
well , that does n't mean someone 's behind your back .
that 's someone 's eyes .
'i think you need someone to watch out for your back
make sure someone 's watching you .
on the other hand you have two hands and you have a lock . . . that 's not enough ?
why do you have no lock ?
guys , shoot lock !
you 're not shooting lockers ?
did any of you shoot locks ?
do you want to fire ( lock lock )
and now it 's you ?
that 's never fired from the lock .
no fucking lock . . .
did you go out to shoot ?
the centres are made up
and most easily building centres .
the center makes it easier to rebuild
we build the center and do it quickly , it 's not easy .
build the center is easy , too .
it wo n't be easy to build the center , ''
and the construction of the center is simply easier .
it 's more easy to build centres .
i have the easy task of building the center .
but it 's not easy , and when the center is built , it will be the easiest thing .
i think if i do n't make a mistake , but i think it 's possible .
chances are i 'm not gon na make any silly mistakes , one
go and see if i do n't make some stupid mistakes .
we 're only done .
but if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it might work .
if nothing 's going to happen if i do n't make some stupid mistakes .
and that 's me a lot better if i do n't make silly mistakes .
what ? . . . why do you think if i do n't make some stupid mistakes ?
a chance if i do n't make a few silly mistakes
a lot of silly mistakes is probably a good thing if i do n't make them .
the jokes were so funny , were they ?
to be a joke , of course .
take this as a joke , come on , ok ?
we'il joke about it .
you came here and laughed at me ?
did the joke come ?
no , that 's not funny .
what are you kidding ?
'joker , 'he said .
oh , my god , jokes ?
with a smile on his face he could be clearly pleased
smile and smile with obvious pleasure .
they clearly smile to their delight .
not really . he had a smile and a clear pleasure .
smile on his face . clear pleasure
he could see the smile and would be clearly pleased .
he had obviously he was happy about it .
tanaki smiled , '' jimmy said .
the smile spread across his face must be delighted .
a smile on his face
i only found him to have stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
well , i 'm not giving him a stiff arse and stiff cheekbones .
he will have stiff arches and stiff cheekbones , and they are supposed to look weird .
and this looks strangely peculiar .
the face looked more .
two stiff arches that have a peculiar look in their faces .
these are supposed to be smooth arches and stiff cheekbones .
look around , archie , i see a strange face with stiff cheekbones .
one eye retrievable front arches and stiff cheekbones a strange look a . g . .
i do n't know , his face . . .
do you have all the tea ?
you guys got on the tea making ?
what about the tea itself ?
the tea is really hard to do .
god it 's so hard to make tea .
twenty four hours a day is a difficult tea .
making tea is complicated .
what did you do with the tea ?
with your tea , you can do so much ?
that 's such a tea .
i think the soldier 's slang comes out of his mouth , and it wo n't sound too natural , bean thought .
in any cases ?
what , if the soldier 's words came out of his mouth as naturally as possible ? bean wondered .
it would naturally sound like a soldier 's word coming out of his mouth .
he did n't seem to be speaking a soldier 's slang out of his mouth , had n't bean thought .
did he give them his mouth ?
bean in his mind 's mouth ( a soldier 's word )
what would it be like to hear a soldier slang out of his mouth ?
they do n't naturally ? bean wondered .
surely the soldier speaks ?
if you waited half an hour , you should have killed her right away .
i want you , instead of waiting for half an hour , what you should have killed her for 30 minutes .
it was a good time to kill her first 30 minutes .
thirty five minutes ?
'better not wait . ' if you do n't wait half an hour , you 'll kill her in 30 minutes .
that was in front of you for 30 minutes .
i do n't want to wait for half an hour . . . instead of killing her right after 30 minutes .
the best thing would be to kill her in half an hour instead of waiting 30 minutes .
i went to the point where you should kill her in half an hour .
you killed her half way through , in about 30 minutes .
he took two steps and got on his bike .
brian 's been moving for two steps to the bike .
double steps do n't . . . motorcycle .
a couple of strides picked up the bike .
brian has taken . . . 2 strides to get on his bike .
took a step on his bike .
it takes a step to get on his bike . . .
i guess he 's got two steps on his bike . ''
there 's a two step . . . move to the bike .
he just took step so he could get on his bike .
and at the same time , the mood has been calm and seemingly calm by francesca sabatini .
there are two hundred .
when francesca sabatini was there , they seem to be calm and calm .
it is one of the calm and seemingly unworried features of francesca sabatini 's entire meeting .
the calm and apparent fear of francesca sabatini was not there .
the francesca sabatini all the time was calm .
francesca sabatini all the time she was calm and seemingly calm .
calmly , they look at her like unworried .
such meetings have francesca sabatini taken the form of calm and seemingly calm .
what a calm expression . ''
is n't it ?
they 've gone to tyler 's house and they 're going to lunch .
the boys went to tyler 's for lunch . ''
tyler late at lunch .
your friend . . . he 's quick to eat with tyler .
he 's quick to eat with tyler .
the quick lunch tyler has gone to .
their friends are n't very fast .
tyler today i got something to eat .
at two o'clock , he 'll take tyler to lunch with him .
we have the best bag with the animals and bags .
bags , shall we all carry on ?
we 're going to put the bags and the animals together .
we took care of the bags and the animals .
we 'll take the bags , 'cause they 're cattle .
the bag was together the animals , all of them .
'put the bags and the animals together . '
come on , these bags , and the animals .
the bag one belongs to the livestock .
our luggage is gathering animals together .
i took the risk for the sake of taking risks
risks in the game are worth . . .
i had risked it .
the price of taking risks . ''
the risk premium has been paid for .
your risk would n't be worth it .
what are you worth risking ?
and there were risks . . .
did anyone worth it a risk ?
jim jim was looking for a way , to risk it .
when they 're all designed , they have a very efficient way to achieve certain objectives .
each system is designed very efficiently , and some objectives can be achieved .
let 's find out .
i 'm going to very efficiently design .
each individual program effectively met them .
structuring them all efficiently so that certain objectives can be achieved .
they were designing very effectively to achieve certain objectives . . .
others an effective design .
others have a very efficient design for achieving certain objectives .
did you understand that every one of them is designed to achieve certain objectives ? ''
fish the biggest predators on the planet !
oh , my god , these are the biggest predators on the planet .
indeed , carnivorous fish of our planet will be hunted .
what does i mean ?
our fish 's hunted everywhere .
so this is the biggest fish in the world .
it 's still in the world to hunt the biggest fish .
one day i will find the world 's most ferocious fish .
we predators do n't eat fish .
he 's probably eaten the biggest fish on the planet
laundry hung over the window , and the kids who played football .
two windows a children play football .
the laundry hung out the window , playing football .
i mean , the laundry hangs out the window and the kids play football .
outside , i do n't see the laundry hanging out of the windows , the kids playing football .
that 's what happens when you hang laundry out of windows and kids play football ,
his window hung the laundry away .
outside , he hangs laundry and children play football .
laundry spills out window children play football
i 've seen laundry hanging out of windows and children playing football .
he ca n't kill animals before the audience . . .
there 's only two animals before the audience .
how could i forget he killed an animal before the audience ?
someone also killed an animal audience .
how about an animal before the audience kills him ?
then animals die they were killed before their eyes .
they kill more than one animal before the audience .
when he was killed , he could n't see the animals .
once the audience was there , he would have killed the animals .
before the eyes of the audience are dead of animals .
by the time another alex is married , he 'll be ?
you 've also said he 's alex 's wife .
one of alex 's women is the wife of another .
is the other alexian woman ?
someone else alexa lover wife to alex .
are n't they married to another alex , woman ?
well , someone would say it was another alex ?
e e ee ee . ae . woman ? she 's another alexie ?
maybe that 's the wife of another alex .
this is not other alex 's wife .
the european union 's response is obscured .
different european countries can be assessed in the light of the comparison .
european society judged it not to be clear the answer may be less obvious .
the obvious is the comparison of europe 's countries .
take perspective on the comparison of europe 's member states i may find less clear
this has been reduced by the comparison of europe 's countries to one another .
there are two more obvious responses than the comparison of europe 's member states .
but i found a less obvious answer to the comparison of europe 's countries .
does it seem to be less obvious to compare europe 's countries ?
europe 's response may not be so clear when we compare european countries .
is fishery often close .
we can see a couple of octopus that are over two feet long , but common .
watch out some octopus that fishermen have often seen more than a metre long .
fishermen see our fish .
do you see any octopus more than five feet often ?
i happen to see a couple of octopus that are more than three feet long .
we do n't every time fishermen see an octopus bigger than five feet .
can we see octopus over five feet ?
we do n't fishermen often see more than five feet of octopus . they 're looking for them .
at the same time , the fishermen can be seen seeing a couple of octopus that have a length of over two metres .
tatsians were running around , maybe they were n't home .
such a possible return would be no home , tatiana .
but none of them have returned home , tatiana .
i guess they were n't home . they could n't go home .
no one came home tatiana .
maybe because they 're not home . ''
no their home could have been found , tatiana .
tatiana t . a lot of them probably were n't home .
being with tatsiana that they could n't go home .
how could tatiana have come home ?
it 's not supposed to be territory of a taiwanese gang .
when it comes to the territory of a taiwanese gang , it really was .
two taiwanese territories , this taiwonese gang .
my point is that this is territory of a taiwanese gang . ''
there 's a taiwanese gang in my territory .
taiwanese territory will be given to me .
branch of the taiwanese mafia , say this .
taiwanese gang get giving me this !
i only got taiwanese .
the taiwanese gang territory . . .
they calm the wild animal
animals can relax , under his supervision , wild animals .
can i calm down the wild animals ?
how have you calmed the wild animals ?
this is not all .
i calmed wild animal .
yeah , they 're not taking wild animals .
even if he was a wild animal , there 's a way to calm him down .
they say he calmed wild animals . ''
i 'll take care of wild animals did n't mind him .
do n't ever let her go that exhilarated , even when she fell asleep on the bed .
although she was exhilarated by the ride , after which she fell asleep on the bed .
have a blessed ride ride
i have a ride that will cheer her up , though she will eventually fall asleep in bed .
the whole ride cheered for her , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
i 'd like to ride with her , even though she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride really excites her , even though later she fell asleep on the bed .
with pleasure . ''
car ride excites her a lot , but then she fell asleep on the bed .
ride exhilarating , bedtime . . . exhausted .
there would be a general objection . . . (. . . but no one would object to pulling out of gossanah .
this is generally opposed to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
you willing to withdraw from gossanahu ?
the general says you oppose the withdrawal from gossanah . . .
you would object to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
it 's quite possible , in general opinion , to withdraw from gossanahu .
i asked you general questions about the withdrawal from gossanahu .
please state objections in general about the withdrawal of gossanahu .
i just wanted to ask you . . . general . i do n't agree with the withdrawal from gossanah .
no objection gossanahu .
you got your own chair chair .
such chairs are not good
well , you ca n't get those chairs over here .
chair 's here waiting .
ok , it 's the chairs here !
all right . . . you 're gon na have these chairs .
here 's something else for those chairs .
is it about the chairs ?
everybody move in the chairs that . . .
so come on .
well , that 's not burned .
fire burn , all of you are feeling it ?
there seems to be a burned smell .
smell of the burned . . .
everything smells the same as it burned .
then smell burning on you , okay ?
did you say it smells burned ?
is n't that burned ?
'what smells burned ? '
'feel the burn ? '
so you do n't want to hear my begging ?
no requests are from you for me ?
did you beg me you wo n't want this ? ''
am i to beg you not to ?
just give it to me .
with such desperate begging ?
someone begging me something ?
why did you beg ?
what kind of begging is gon na make you want this ?
maybe he wants so much ?
'on the death one ? '
panagyn asked questioningly if they were going to die .
do they really die ? '' panagyn asked .
many people have died since then ? '' panagyn asked .
not even a man will die ? '' panagyn asked .
they will death themselves ? '' panagyn asked .
panagyn asked and did n't die ?
die , pallas . . .
panagyn . . . how do they die ?
panagyn had been asked if they were dying .
i just want to kill my movie .
and the fucking movie
the same fucking movie that killed me ?
now that you have destroyed my film and you will destroy it .
i mean , so i 'm not interested in your movie now .
right after you destroyed my film .
the biggest mistake is that you killed my film .
hey , i 'm gon na get a movie killed now .
if you kill me , then everything will only kill my film .
do n't you kill the film .
the house was taking over 10 years ?
ten years went on his stuff for a decade ?
i ca n't even believe he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
a lot of people kept his stuff for 10 years ?
what 's his address ? that he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
do n't take his stuff so long they 've been holding them for 10 years ? ''
he keeps ten grand things ?
they 're old and they 've been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
much stuff can be kept and over 10 years ?
long ten years ?
the memory allocation is a real buffer for images .
are you still out of memory for a real picture buffer ?
your memory was unable to allocate a corresponding memory buffer .
memory 2 memory allocation limits
$ allocated memory to a real buffer of images .
memory that 's a real buffer for the image context . ''
allocate available as memory for a real buffer of images .
memory allocated , however .
memory allocate it correctly .
$ allocated memory to a real buffer of images in context .
our pleasure was nothing to do with it .
and it 's our pleasure . . . it means we appreciate it )
what about , sir ?
the council members have nothing but respect and we will be grateful .
we'il had a pleasure and grateful .
the commission had the same appreciative requests .
yeah yeah , nice little things , thanks for that .
even if you do , we would really appreciate it .
the o o o s would be appreciated .
we were looking forward to it , but there 's been a slight delay .
there 's no one who deserves death . ''
nobody 's here !
are you going to kill someone ? ''
nobody 's life deserves a death sentence !
no human life deserves such a death .
fuck off , someone deserves death .
let 's not kill anyone . ''
he would n't deserve death
for the sake of god , nobody is worthy of death !
death sentence for the sake of death !
oh , mandatory contract .
i need it in my contract ?
go to the contract and let me have it .
but do n't let it go into my contract .
it does n't matter if i have a contract .
what we have to do is that it 's in the contract . ''
chapter twenty ( one ) must be included in my contract
and here in one contract !
write down my contract !
but my whole contract is full of it .
visit me once .
no , he was n't .
well , your visits are permanent ?
no guest house is planned for a while ?
when do you come visit or stay a little longer ?
if i 'm just visiting or staying a while ?
just a visit . stay a minute .
all right , one on one or one ?
only visit or stay a little longer .
just visiting , or staying a little longer ? yeah .
i fear it very much . . .
why are you so worried me ?
do n't worry too much , i 'm worried .
i 'm pretty sure it worries me .
i have a little . . . fear .
it came to me with a lot of fear .
why do you have such a fear in me to me ?
the worrying will be given to me .
it was really scared of me for that .
well , i 'd be a little worried .
his companions also tend to be hatred .
there were also some hatred .
hatred is darker when we talk about hatred .
there 's hatred !
something else is hatred and then there will be hatred .
what would i say with hatred ?
it could n't be called hatred .
it 's a really nasty second hatred .
be angry and hatred .
hatred in the second was growing .
what kind of baby are they ?
the baby is like that .
baby girl 's here .
my baby 's been kidnapped !
you 've been kidnapped by my child .
hey , it 's my little girl .
well , where are you going with my baby ?
someone was more important than my baby !
here 's one of my kids .
they kidnapped me , baby , baby !
any other brother or sister in law out there ?
now i 'm sure ?
it 's just a couple of people ?
i do n't have
any men or women ?
i do n't know if there 's anyone ?
it 's not people . . .
someone 's coming up on you ?
so , someone to us ?
what kind of guy would he be doing here ?
it 's not tomorrow , is it ?
come and see tomorrow at the store .
and we met here in the store tomorrow .
what good is it to meet tomorrow in the store ?
two meetings with you were in the store tomorrow .
yeah , well , i guess i 'm not going to see you in the store tomorrow .
your shop will still be tomorrow .
the meeting was here in the shop tomorrow .
tomorrow 's meeting has already been arranged .
tomorrow 's free , i 'll see you in the store .
we just took a little bit of shots .
, no , we 're taking pictures .
come on , we 're gon na have a couple of shots .
we took our fucking shots .
the shooting is n't going anywhere .
take a shot
take picture one .
has been taken for a few shots
we took a couple of shots and came back full of blood .
it 's our duty to take a picture .
so you 'll be here the veterans hospital ?
i do n't know , i 'm at the veterans ' hospital .
do veterans hospitals like that ?
the hospital for veterans has just reopened ?
of course , the hospital was for veterans .
look you 're at the veterans hospital . . .
you were taken care of by the veterans hospital ?
it just happens to be a veterans hospital .
state veterans have a hospital , right ?
if it 's a veterans hospital , it 're here .
you got a seat . here .
i 'll set your seats .
the same place will be found where you sit .
i'il set up your seat .
is it okay now ?
mr . i wanted to see where you were sitting .
and places to sit .
i'il put the chairs over .
just sit here !
okay , you ca n't sit .
give me no concern !
none of my little attacks .
given my son 's rash attacks , i 'm not worried .
it was never a boy 's attack .
i got nothing to worry about my son 's little attacks .
whose little attacks i 'm not concerned about .
this is irrelevant to my son 's petty attacks .
this is not to worry about my son 's little attacks .
my son is a little hurt , and i 'm not worried about his little attacks .
look , i 'll take care of my son 's little attacks .
as for possible disposal of non essential medicines , you should consult your veterinarian .
your veterinarian should consult thoroughly about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
i 'm sure your veterinarian is interested in the possibility of disposing of non essential medicines . should you consult your veterinarian ?
consult your veterinarian about the possibility of disposing of non essential medicines at your veterinarian 's . s . clinic .
then you should consult your veterinarian about how to dispose of non essential medicines . . .
do you need a consultation consultation ?
very carefully , so far as possible , your veterinarian should consult your doctor about possible disposal of unnecessary medicines .
animal health is not an appropriate tool .
therefore . . . in a veterinary consultation .
for your veterinary needs .
you 're a decade old .
how much is it to football ?
you do n't give up on football for a decade .
, no , football is 10 years .
a whole grown man would have been playing football for a decade .
go on , football .
the football one would n't have been playing for 10 years
go on and play 10 years of football .
it 's happening that you 've been playing football for 10 years !
you 're 10 years old , and he 's not playing football anymore .
did your teacher use them for only three people ?
all of them fit .
everyone had three people and put them in there so it was a good practice .
there were only three of them , and it was a good practice .
their only designed group does n't have to be three , so it 's best practice .
they fit in three people .
i told you it would be best if they were only three people .
is it enough ?
but if it 's only three people , there 's a good practice .
training was only done with three people so it was a good idea .
i want to , i 'm not going .
but the way it 's done is not possible .
i 'm sure it 's not possible !
the only way one can get out of here is made up of no .
good god , it 's not going anywhere .
my god and no .
if you do n't , it 's a damn impossibility .
'none of this is possible . ' said vimes .
nothing man made this possible .
nothing going on with that would have been possible .
also , the state of noga 's physical and psychological condition .
noga to tell him how he 's physically and mentally .
so tell him regarding his physical and psychological condition .
the physical characteristics of noga have revealed how he is mentally and physically .
ngos know his condition , his physical condition , and his mental state .
i wish i could tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
how did noga feel about his physical and psychological condition ?
the boy was told about noga 's physical condition , so he knew .
does n't he ?
she spoke very clearly about her physical and psychological condition
then why did you see the nose ?
'i see he 's smiling ?
'how did he keep his nose ? '
i 've always laughed at his nose . ''
his noses are n't smiling anymore ?
is he really smiling there ?
is the nose that smiles ? ''
he was smiling his whole nose .
he smiles anyway , and he 's smiling ?
well , are n't your nose happy ?
last minute finishing work
and what 's nearly finished ?
and nearly , sir .
yeah , at work .
as you can see , we 'll make it to the end .
he made it up the line .
what ends with it .
he made up his mind 's work .
i 'm almost there , we almost got everything .
nearly what 's complete ?
i told you there were no technical glitches .
today 's tech will be no big technical glitches .
i hope there were no technical glitches
we expect there to be no technical glitches .
no one glitches were there on the technical side .
i have two technical glitches .
it gave us no need to have many technical glitches .
we were disappointed . . .
not a lot has to do with technical glitches .
and that technical glitch has n't happened yet ?
hot hand and hot . . .
were you looking at your hot hands ?
i 'm sorry , but i think you have hot hands !
your hand was up to you .
the way you 've got your hands is called pussy .
you 're hot , hot hands !
will you please rub your hands together ?
in front of you , the hand has been warmed up .
and you have nice hands !
you got on your hands , hot !
what job is it like ?
oh , yeah . . . there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
oh , my god , there 's an article about a job that looks like this for a janitor .
he did n't say much about the job , did he tell you about a janitor ?
descriptions of this job , sir , such descriptions as that of a janitor
gave her a job description , which sounds exactly the same as a janitor .
i wish i could hear a description of a job that looks like this to a janitor .
here , i see a description of a job that looks like this to a janitor .
here 's a description of a job that looks exactly the same as a janitor 's job .
this is ' work ' description .
that they are somewhere near the border with lu ,
was he saying somewhere close to the border with lu ?
a similar group came near the border with lu and was said to be close to the border .
and he does n't say it 's close to the border with lu .
people saying they 're close to the border with lu .
they located near the border with lu .
take place near the border with lu
he said it was close to the border , lu .
their position was n't mentioned .
they say that somewhere near the border with lu .
you never get rid of alcohol and cigarettes .
it 's more of a ban on alcohol and cigarettes
i 'm not interested in alcohol or cigarettes
the banning alcohol was on cigarettes ?
your father never said alcohol and cigarettes were banned .
not even cigarettes and alcohol are banned .
there wo n't be any alcohol or cigarettes .
alcohol and ban the cigarettes .
they ban alcoholics .
the ban on alcohol and cigarettes is . . .
strange , do n't you call ?
what was so weird ?
one , two women .
something came up here and called me from a strange woman .
some mr . woman 's weird .
to my weird wife 's call .
someone call me weird .
when i got home , women would always call me weird .
then my women are calling me weird .
women will probably call me in strange ways .
charlie carlo de la coruna de las coruna .
you were all set to kill us !
do you really want charlie ?
i did n't want you to kill us !
this charlie is dead one for us .
charliei i 'm sure you 'll kill us !
for the sake of god 's sake , the damn charlie !
i can tell you , charlie , is this about your death ?
charlie ! let 's get ourselves killed .
you got that , charlie , you 're going to kill us !
they killed her family . did they kill her ?
if they killed her family , 'cause they 're dead ?
the family died because they . . .
someone 's family died there ?
in the meantime , someone killed her with her family
that 's all her family have .
you mean the family more ?
maybe there was a murder in the family .
was that about the murder of the family ?
yeah , one of the families was murdered .
no , he could n't look into his friends ' eyes .
the ugly look that his friends gave him is not in his eyes .
i 'd also be angry and hostile in his friends ' eyes .
the look in his friends ' eyes has turned to hatred and hostility
was there still a hostile look in his friend 's eyes ?
the others make him an ugly and hostile look . ''
he had an ugly , hostile look . . . in his friends ' eyes .
as his friends looked at him , ugly hatred could come out of his eyes .
kaelin , playboy , look out .
kaelin 's eye seems to have turned into an ugly hostile look .
the dinner was n't for you ?
so , um . . . what 's for dinner ?
come on , for dinner ?
no one had invited you out for dinner ?
i 'm sure you want to go to dinner ?
so for dinner going to be
and now if you want something to eat ?
it 's okay , but he 's just gon na have dinner ?
is it good dinner ?
have some lunches
wow , that 's not how much pleasure i had and how surprised they were .
it does n't matter how happy i was . . . and it 's going to surprise me , but they 're really surprised .
you can imagine how pleased i was , and they do n't surprise me .
oh my god , is it possible to imagine how happy i was and how surprised i was ?
today 's thoughts have been blown away by how happy i was and how surprised .
you know how happy i was to be surprised ?
in two minds and a great surprise it was how happy i was .
and the thoughts were made of how happy i was and how surprised .
you can imagine how happy i was and how surprised . . .
imagine how much pleasure i had to give him and how surprised he was .
i 'm throwing money at her . i 'll throw money like sheik oman .
the same old will throw his money like sheik oman .
yes , how 's the cash ?
he was waving his money around .
hey , you rich .
i did n't steal money .
as sheikh oman has done , he 'll be waving his money .
how does this happen ?
i flashed her money and she was like sheik oman .
a cashier to a sheik oman !
this guy 's weird !
now it 's something weird .
this . . . this is weird .
such fun and weird .
oh , my god , that was so weird .
well , sounds like you 're kind of weird .
my god , it was your fun .
it was a strange feeling , came as a funny surprise .
one joke is too .
really . fun thing .
everyone will laugh and be entertained .
so let them be fun and laugh .
just as if they were laughing and enjoying themselves .
they gave them fun as well as laughs .
let 's have fun with them
then they had fun and wanted to be entertained .
yeah , so fun .
they 're giving up fun and fun together .
how do you make them laugh and be entertained ?
fun ( filled with laughter and joy )
and if you want , you can only do it in 4 or 6 weeks .
okay , so check out the next 4 6 weeks .
it 's your schedule .
did surgery occur in 4 or 6 weeks ?
someone also planned it to be done in 4 or 6 weeks .
do it once in 4 or 6 weeks .
i already have your schedule for 4 to 6 weeks .
there may be an appointment in 4 to 6 weeks at the latest .
an appointment date so far .
a not recommended schedule is taking you from 4 to 6 weeks .
like the words i say ?
i 'm sorry . you want to tell me ?
what 's the point saying ?
same thing as me saying what ?
speaking of what ? '' he 's saying again .
everything does n't say exactly what ?
say a little something like that ? ''
he was talking , and he said not ?
the answer will be what ?
you mean it , me , me . . . things ?
such self deprecating things do n't have you .
so . . . to be like this !
something was supposed to happen to you , like this .
it is , and the beauty is supposed to be .
two and a half .
and everyone is so . . .
be . . . like this !
come and be nice .
jesus christ is this . i think .
more people are like this .
so it 's a linda bloom barbecue ?
so you , too , do n't know linda bloom ?
twenty five years of your life , and you just met linda bloom ?
so is linda bloom present ?
you came here and met linda bloom on a picnic ?
have you ever been to linda bloom 's barbecue ?
so does she know about linda bloom ?
i just meet linda bloom on a barbecue .
do you really ?
linda . . . what do you know about linda bloom ?
do n't you have to invite d'hoffyn ?
d'hoffyn 's invitation does not belong to him .
d'hoffyn 's invitation is .
it was n't an invitation , it was d'hoffyn !
and here 's your invitation .
his name was no d'hoffyn .
i was never invited to that .
d'hoffyn had no invitation , and they never invited him .
the d'hoffyn one has been denied .
the d'hoffyn one would have no invitation at all .
i do n't know , course change ?
'has the course changed ?
that i 've changed ?
the course . they changed .
have you changed your mind about that ?
and the damn course that 's changed ?
the course has different ones ?
( c ) the course and what has changed ?
so on the change course ?
yeah , yeah , go for a change ?
the test was driving maybe that 's why she was kidnapped .
the tests on which she was kidnapped may have been the cause of her abduction .
such testing is suspected of kidnapping , possibly by her abduction .
it was , kidnapping .
yeah , yeah , that test , maybe it 's the cause of her kidnapping .
that 's probably the cause of the kidnapping tests . kidnapping girl .
kidnapping ms . bonde may blame
does it blame the tests on kidnapping ?
yeah , maybe those tests are the cause of her kidnapping .
does it have . . . the blame for the kidnapping ?
we took it away and we 're going to escape the disaster !
for god 's sake , boss , let 's escape this catastrophe .
the disaster came for us that we must escape !
we have to !
now everything was going to disaster !
we 're in charge and let 's get out of this mess !
leave our victims away from the disaster !
we better leave this catastrophe for the boss !
we 'll get out of this mess !
boss did it , and that 's what we 're gon na do about the disaster !
one day . , one day , i 'll tell you i have a theater under the street .
and remember , i 'm not upstairs in the theater .
i 'll just remind you that i 'm at the theater below the street .
remember , i wo n't be out of the theater below .
and you should remember i have a theater below the street
look at my theater below the street , man .
so you wo n't forget my theater below the street level .
look at my '' theatre below ground
give me a minute , '' give me the theater . ''
mine 's theater below street
great thing is nametag o o
wow wow , god damn it .
the thing will be great when it 's cool .
in that case , it was a great thing , what a cool thing to do .
and you 're cool for that ?
wow , wow , that 's cool !
looking at this wo n't be cool .
this thing compared to that .
how am i great ?
for god 's sake , this is amazing
your meals are being eaten ?
there 's nothing good about eating ?
do you want to go to dinner ? ''
in fact , next meals are scarce ?
so you wo n't go for a meal ?
hey , are you hungry for lunch ?
even your lunch plans ?
and not eats your food ?
all the people eat the same ?
you went to dinner , right ?
why do n't you think of something funny ?
how 's fun fun ?
look 1 2 3 3 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 5 5 4 4 6
the way i just thought you might have a funny idea . ''
i have a funny idea too .
funny idea or something like that
the idea that makes you laugh would make you feel funny .
one of your ideas was you were acting funny .
have some kind of funny idea . . .
i feel like you 're having a funny idea
like you 're not weird ?
hey , does that seem weird to you ?
hey and you think it 's weird ?
is n't that weird ?
two things struck that you were weird ?
your mind 's not going weird ?
when did you find it weird , no ?
out of curiosity you think it 's weird
do you find it weird , you know ?
do you find this weird ?
the whole damn thing can only be helped by someone ?
okay , so you mean someone helped him ?
and his people will be helping him ?
i told you and someone helped him ?
it 's help . ''
is anyone helpful ?
it 's someone , is n't it ?
he 's fine , but he 'll help him ?
no one 's helping him like that ?
do you outmaneuver anyone ?
then what about luck ?
guys , that 's luck .
today is no luck , man .
lucky you did n't . . .
no luck with that . . .
yeah , luck 's not . . .
but luck does n't shine , and it 's a bad luck .
he 's got no luck with that .
one day not !
will you be any luckier ?
quick , then summon .
the woman who summoned the gryf will take him on his strong back and command him with a firm command .
give the gryf two strong backs on his strong back and command him with a clear command .
there was a commanding command as she summoned the gryf to his strong back .
summoned the great gryf .
the summon of the gryf she clambered onto his strong back and commanded him with a firm command .
as soon as he summoned the gryf , she climbed onto his strong back and commanded him with a commanding tone
i call the gryf . i have to climb on his strong back and command him .
what 's going to happen when she summoned the gryf ? '' karin said .
she have clambered onto his strong back a few times and commanded him with a firm command .
tall weeds from the wall grow on the wall .
there grown by growing grass on a cobbled wall .
stone wall grew grass on top .
that 's on the wall of grass again !
i was just blown away by the wall of grass .
that 's where the grass comes from the wall
grow your only grass on that wall .
what he 's got on the wall , he 'll grow grass out .
did he notice that the wall was covered with grass ?
when the wall is fixed , the grass grown on it will be sprouted .
no , no . . . i 'll have a cup of coffee too .
irez irez de clasificacion de castilla y leon apdo de la coruna . . . o mezogad .
my drinks have been too good .
you have your coffee . ''
getting a cup of coffee is supposed to be .
and , of course , coffee .
yeah . '' the coffee came .
someone took a cup of coffee and gone for a walk .
is coffee drinking me ?
it 's too good not to have coffee .
revision this chapter takes into account , inter alia , any commitment .
this revision must take into account all commitments made under this chapter , and all commitments . . .
their revision changes take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
revision should take into account all commitments made under this chapter
this revision is also taking account of the commitments adopted under this chapter .
and consider all the commitments that have taken place under this chapter
it is a necessary revision , and it also takes into account all the commitments adopted under this chapter .
revisions revisions corresponded to all commitments made under this chapter .
they consider their commitment this chapter .
then look at all the commitments that have taken place under this chapter accordingly .
so i got a pretty aggressive message . . .
you 're an aggressive .
i 'd give you an aggressive message , right ? '
you 're quite aggressive . ''
an aggressive message , huh ?
as a message of aggression , right in front of you ?
such messages of aggression have taken place , don't you think ?
someone sent a message like that and thought about it ?
an aggressive message would have sounded pretty aggressive , right ?
aggressive , right ?
hi . consider it .
one more intelligent way of getting married .
way way of thinking about marriage ,
but it 's a smart way to get married . ''
find a smarter way to approach the wedding . . .
the way our own marriage approaches .
does anyone know how to approach a marriage ?
according to the logic , marriage is approached in a way that is intelligent .
ways of getting married intelligent . . .
marriage looked like a smart way . ''
you did n't tell me about the upgrade .
and now you 're just gon na tell me you 've upgraded . . .
new people will tell me you 've upgraded !
one of you kept saying you were upgraded .
last time you said you were upgraded , right ?
people will upgrade you for me .
the tech people should n't have upgraded you .
i need something upgraded for you .
it 's okay . i 'll see you upgraded .
the people mentioned that you were upgraded .
then someone is already burning away from you when you burn yourself .
you burned yourself , and you lit the fart !
a man lighting fire .
on the same night lighting your cigarette .
so you burned yourself when you farted ?
was it a fire ?
candle lighting did n't burn you .
and it burns your ass . ''
heat up your fart and you 'll burn yourself .
you pretty much burned .
his location was located next to existing water and sewer networks , and he was built to that effect .
build it here , tapeworm .
building this facility is a drain on existing water and sewer networks .
right out of the existing network of water and sewerage .
it 's over the existing network of water and power lines to do so .
it 's located next to existing water and sewer networks .
build this place on existing water and sewer networks , are the basis .
construction 's been done here over the existing network of water and sewer .
and they so i do n't use existing water and sewer networks .
build a fort de la piel over existing water and sewer networks
each time two men carrying a gun
well , they 're armed with guns .
they also carry a gun next to each other and a gun .
and both is also carrying a gun .
each of them had a gun .
so what kind of gun is he carrying ?
men also carry automatic weapons .
both were even armed with a gun .
yeah , same gun
i mean they both had guns . ''
have damages listed in particular for the removal of the wreck .
even if the damage is related to the removal of the wreckage , that list explicitly includes the damage .
it lists the damage related to the removal of the wreck . ''
in this case , there is no damage .
'he 's listed , 'notably , the damage relating to the removal of the wreckage .
they also detailed their list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
they describe specifically damages .
they are most detailed .
$25,000 is also a list of damage related to the removal of the wreck .
it also lists the damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
that kind of scream sounds sad to me .
this is not sad .
to scream like that sounds sad , huh ?
( 5 ) screaming such a thing does n't sound sad .
, well , that sounds sad to me .
she screamed so sad and it sounded sad .
and you sound like a sad woman .
he screams , is n't he sad ?
screaming noise ( sadness )
yeah . one two two two three three
oh , they have .
his tastes have a good taste .
these are n't good taste , sir .
wow the taste of him .
has a good taste for what he has .
thanks to his good taste , he can have a good taste .
having his good taste .
good taste good
what do you mean , he has good taste ?
taste is really going to his good taste .
wife appreciates of the fact that
woman lover appreciates it when your wife does .
married women are sure to appreciate this .
a woman lover was on your side .
even the women .
there should be a woman , thank you .
having a woman to appreciate is your wife 's right .
what is he appreciating about your wife ?
and you 're sure your wife appreciates that .
you said your wife would appreciate it and was impressed .
a messenger with an envelope full of money . . .
your messenger wo n't come for you , why ?
this is either a messenger or an envelope full of money .
from the messenger to your mailbox , did you get the cash package ?
send an envelope with money to deliver , why ?
$20,000 was delivered by the messenger , right ?
why did someone send ?
and the messenger came to your mailbox with a cash envelope .
just came mail delivered your envelope .
and he was able to deliver you an envelope with cash .
are n't you the real one ?
take it easy , you do ?
there 's no way to come ? ''
i came here to you ?
no other good things ?
'what do you mean ? 'asked mike .
coming home and taking care of yourself ?
one day one day come with you ? ''
someone 's not gon na come ? ''
i have nothing to do ?
you do n't hate me , '' the bed trapped .
when you 're trapped in bed , you have nothing to do with me .
no , just in that bed .
it 's terrible that i 'm trapped in bed
just stay put in bed .
nothing had been hated more than being trapped in bed .
you better just sleeps .
such things are hated .
the bed one would hate for me .
you know , i hate being stuck in bed !
you ai n't no need for any compensation ?
two things came up ?
the damages are not going ?
no amount of compensation provided him for the offence ?
all right , guys , let 's get some compensation .
it 's never paid ?
is it really for compensation ?
your own funds to pay compensation ?
your honor , i should n't demand any compensation ?
what do you want to compensate for ?
you fucking bastard !
what 's so stupid about kicking his ass ?
that bastard knew he was gon na kick his ass
the little son of a bitch gets it easy to kick his ass .
we 'd go after that son of a bitch to kick his ass .
when he was a kid , the bastard would have kicked his ass . and his parents are on his way out .
'they kick that bastard 's ass . '
if that son of a bitch kicked his ass , he 's dead .
fucker 's better off kicking his ass .
do you got that bastard ?
in woodburne , this is a missing person report .
we 're looking for someone missing from woodburne 's wife for her husband .
his wife will pick him up from woodburne for his husband .
there 's a report so far about the disappearance of a woman in woodburne .
yes , i have received a report of the disappearance of a woman from woodburne 's husband .
we 'd like to inform you that a woman from woodburne has filed a missing person report for her husband .
she wrote a report about missing men from woodburne and she wanted her husband .
are n't you here to report missing persons ?
a report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne , she says her husband is missing
send it in here .
his retreat has been lost in the battle .
no retreat , battles are won .
what retreat is that , winning is not winning .
then it 's not winning .
your retreat is never winning .
because it 's not winning the battle .
are n't we fought back ?
but you win the fight anyway .
retreat is no winning battle .
in retreat and in battle . . .
based on what you said , you acted very territorially .
in that case , someone would act like a very territorial ruler .
yeah , it seems pretty territorially .
everything seems territorial , really .
looks like you 're your territory .
i feel territorial about you .
i 'm really kind of territorial . . .
i have really felt you as a very territorial person .
as a matter of fact , you acted very territorially .
that you acted very territorially . . . ''
unknown unknown cause of death and causes his death
do anyone know how he died ?
no one knowing he died .
so we do n't know him from how he died .
death do n't know .
so he had no idea how to die .
well , the cause of his death has been unknown .
we 'll never find out how he died .
we told him what he died .
no . we have no idea about his death .
oh , it 's going to like nixon breaking into the hotel room .
the same hotel room then throws him in the same way as nixon .
the burglary was the same as nixon in the hotel room .
the same burglary was done in the hotel room and did n't happen to nixon .
it goes like this to break into the hotel room , nixon .
'they broke into the hotel room , ' same thing nixon .
that was nixon 's break into the hotel room .
the same burglaries in the hotel room are the reason .
in fact , there are burglars .
nixon broke his rooms , just like nixon did .
report from the autopsy to mr . v . ?
your autopsy just came out of the report ?
so this is an autopsy report . . . ?
the autopsy report from the morgue is confirmed ?
you 'll see . do you have an autopsy report ?
hey , hey , be an autopsy ?
here go and autopsy ?
such a great big fat report from autopsy results
someone 's autopsy showed you this is an autopsy report ?
here 's reports of an autopsy .
he even threatened that nael would die .
for nael , he 's very dangerous .
are you threatening nael to die ?
nael danger , my dear !
nael 's highest danger .
do you see nael threatening to die ?
now that nael 's going to die .
the nael now had a chance for death .
protect him . nael 's dying too .
the death of nael was not imminent .
your security is protected further by blocking other pages of this website .
here 's another content .
it did not protect the security of the web browser and blocked from other pages .
this time i 'm blocking other content from this site in addition to protecting the security .
protect your security too and you will be able to block other content from this website .
the security will also be protected by the web browser .
you will also further protect the security of the web browser by blocking other content .
'i 'm also blocking other content from this site for the sake of security . '
i would add in addition to protecting your security , the web browser is blocking other content . . .
web browsers have blocked other content from this site in order to protect their security . . .
and the weights are a little higher and they 're a little heavier .
i mean , i 'd say her weight is a little higher .
her weights to a little higher .
they all weigh her .
the weighing scales were set at a somewhat higher level .
if she 's a little heavier , she probably outweighs her .
she was weighing , a little higher than that .
they do n't weigh much anymore . their weight is a little higher .
they 're not much weight .
the weight one was already heavy for her .
once there 's a break , they have to use it in short bursts .
as you can see , it 's used in short bursts .
intermittent lightning strikes will be used .
someone used short bursts .
and it 's intermittent .
sometimes the explosion is not used .
the intermittent broadcast is . . . (. . . they use it .
the flashes of light appear to be used only intermittently .
he 's not in it for short bursts .
okay , i 'm going to use them in short bursts .
they did n't belong to me , they belonged to my mom .
were they , they belonged to my mom .
she picked up my mom and drove away .
if it were my mom , she would have .
then mama mama nana nana
well , he 's too old for my mom .
did you have your mother ?
the mothers call .
so call me mom .
so where are you calling my mom ?
okay , he 's a staffer at new york .
new york employees will be available for him .
we have an employee , john . . . a new york office .
and now john will be working in new york .
new york 's office has been working on him .
because he 's a new york office employee
he 's not . . . he works in new york .
one employees employed in new york .
so mike have come to work in new york .
that he 's a new york based employee has worked .
she was n't happy about nicole crying .
is n't that nicole crying ?
the cry of nicole . ''
she 's crying again , nicole .
twenty one second nicole . . .
they 're full of cry .
two tears of a cry .
nicoles of course could still cry about it .
is nicole still on the crying ?
oh , for nicole .
no more stable , no longer stable , you know ?
no stable belts here !
in the meantime , it must be stored without stable girders .
was it impossible to find a stable belt ?
one pair of stables without a stable .
but nothing is and do n't have stable anchors .
do n't have stable belts .
my stable one is without a seatbelt .
he was never stable .
the stable belt is none of them .
so far , let 's dance ?
like to dance ? ''
you want to dance too ?
is it really good for dancing ?
i 'll dance with you , do n't you ?
is that your favorite dance ?
do girls like to dance ?
come on , little dance ?
i know , you wo n't let me ?
yeah , you want to dance ? yeah .
are n't those rocks over there ?
the stones are seen over there
a rock ? you see this rock ?
your rock you saw ?
a piece of rock is over there .
and is it on stone rocks ?
so tall , see it ?
one is gone and the stone is visible ?
good morning one stone and over there
i saw this rock over there .
i 'd be really fun if i had a moment .
it 's kind of fun if you do n't mind .
not much of a fun moment .
but one is a funny thing .
one moments and more .
when i 'm on my way out , do you have a funny moment ?
if you do n't mind , it does n't matter what kind of fun it is .
give me your funny moment !
funny moments came up with me .
and it really was a funny thing today . . .
there are so many disrespectful words !
hey , stop being disrespectful !
will you take it as an insult to me ?
and yet this will be disrespectful !
did you offend all the ways !
disrespectful , give me your manners !
there was n't a disrespect !
was your disrespect !
do you mean rudeness ? ''
did you offend me with that !
his father 's house , on cardassia '' and he , he says , he 's going to be trapped in klingon 's attack '
the attack on cardassia is on him , as the klingons caught him .
what 's the point when the klingons attacked cardassia ? ''
klingons , the klingon attacked him on cardassia .
when the klingons attacked , klingon will take care of him on cardassia .
hasVBN not been caught when the klingons attacked him .
klingon in attack on cardassia . ''
klingon one of the klingons attacked him .
they attack cardassia . ''
they 've trapped him on cardassia , so we 've been ambushed by klingons .
the attack was so quick that i would have died .
a completely dead man attack .
death is n't on me .
to die as soon as i was attacked !
same time attack me . ''
and the whole damn thing would have killed me before they attacked me .
i 'm dead . just gon na die .
the death is always out of me .
the attack is always on me and i 'm dead .
self harm attacks me .
applicant . . . they are an invitation to apply for an administrative post at eurojust .
i asked anyone for an administrative job at eurojust .
and as for administrative jobs at eurojusta .
an administrative job , eurojuste .
staff were invited here for administrative jobs , applying for eurojusta .
i invite applications , as well as administrative jobs , for eurojust .
staff called up applications and they are invited to apply for eurojust 's administrative functions .
'there will be an invitation for applications for administrative jobs at eurojust . '
they can apply for an administrative post at eujust . they can ask for a job in eurojust .
in addition , i invite applications for administrative jobs at eurojust .
mine has dreams !
what 's the deal ? i promised you i 'd put you in front of me .
the dream was just mine .
i promise one !
mr . ryan will make me put my dreams first .
it 's my promise , too .
i promise you i 'll put you in front of me .
were you just promising me that you would n't dream of me , and i promised you that i 'd dream of you ?
promise next to my dream
i promise you i 'll do my best for you .
watching grandma kill a bull is like she 's looking at a scout .
you watch grandma hunt down a bull .
i look at the girl scout and watch grandma kill a bull
grandma 's killing a bull !
grandma 's grandma killed him .
i just saw a scout watching grandma kill a bull .
scouts watch grandma hunt .
now she 's not even looking .
grandma is so careful to watch her grandma kill the bull .
grandma killed a bull and watched the girl scout .
he scared and got in the way of getting caught .
jim jim will be caught , but i fear what he will catch you
i feared they would catch you , what you feared .
you were just a little scared .
it 's okay , afraid . he 's afraid he 'll catch you .
the people of you fear they 'll catch you .
i just wo n't let you get caught .
the only fear would be that they would catch you .
fear capture man caught man fear catch man
someone catches the scared .
liquid pumps in full of water .
he just mixes one .
we 're not going back to the water pump .
his dad 's a pump .
it 's a mixture of water and pumps ,
mix liquid water added the water was pumped into the pump .
it 's just not possible . . .
in pumps , it 's a mixture of water and water .
you do n't mix the water , '' he said .
and his pumps will be filled with water .
they all have their differences .
kind of made difference differences
kind of like differences
on the other hand was the difference between us ?
not allowed to differ ?
did i make a difference problem ?
we 're just different ?
can we differ ? ''
as a matter of fact , were there any differences ?
and tell me there 's a difference ?
the pyramids found us .
ok , uh . . .
guys ! we have to find a better place and light up the fire !
our plan was n't just find an open space and light the fire .
we'il found . . . i 'll set up a fire somewhere open .
the search for open space and fire is it .
it 's a burning place and a fire .
the lights here are on fire .
search areas and open fires .
lizards found it open and lit up the fire .
no one said i . . .
the real question of me is to be sure .
yeah , how much i do n't know .
yeah , real doubt .
are you a certainty ?
one of mine , one of the others .
can anyone of you ?
things are . . . i do n't know .
look how i do n't know .
you 're off me .
the gentleman of mr harriman does n't speak at all ?
any words please a minute ?
mrs . harriman will excuse me .
now there will be no time , mr . harriman . . .
mrs harriman had kindly asked me if i could interrupt .
no ? excuse me .
the master apologized , mr . harriman ?
sorry , gentlemen are you from harriman ?
dear sir of the harriman ?
i 'm sorry , mr . harriman .
it was n't a good time !
get out of here , asshole !
you got ta stop and got out of here !
did you get a damn thing to do with you ?
then you better get it out of here , you son of a bitch .
the end of you and goddamn it ! ''
you got it and gave it to me !
your motherfucker is still a piece of shit !
did n't do it to you , motherfucker .
good god '' is you fucking punk
obviously my oyster was silly .
he certainly had two oysters on that clam .
i do n't see a fool in putting an oyster on a clam .
your oyster does n't really look like a fool .
it 's gone , damn fool .
why is it from a fool 's oyster to a clam ?
and the oyster looks really stupid .
bloody hell , your oyster .
this has looked damned foolish for putting oysters on a clam .
what 's not crazy about putting oysters on a clam ?
the fact that if you go on , you 'll leave the dark , just in the dark .
'aye , that if you go on , you 'll leave the darkness and go to the dark .
and i 'm telling you , if you keep going , leave the darkness and go somewhere else .
did you see that if you go on , you 'll leave the darkness and go to another darkness ?
it 's a deep darkness .
you 're not going to the dark anymore .
it was n't all that dark .
today 's journey has actually been left in the dark only to be plunged into a deeper darkness .
there was a darkness out of that darkness .
assuming you 'll keep going , leaving this darkness and entering even more darkness . . .
his only wizard was that he knew kalizkan .
yeah , kalizkan and magpie ( only he knew . . .
how do kalizkan know ?
well , none of them knew that , of course , kalizkan , as a wizard , he knew .
well , no magician knows .
he only knew kalizkan as a wizard .
you 're just a wizard and he 'll know kalizkan .
the kalizkan , the only real magician . . .
when he was a wizard , he knew only of kalizkan .
oh , you 're telling him that kalizkan 's just a wizard .
and the man who is , you 're crazy , and you want to know ? '' jack asked .
jack ai n't gon na be ?
be careful to say who ? ''
jack turns to him when he asks .
where 's the guy gone ?
as a matter of fact , the men are referred to ? '' jack asked .
even if this is the man , he will always be ? '' jack asked .
and with whom ? '' jack asked .
in that case , the man is supposed to be ? '' jack asked .
2 3 4 4 4 5 5
well , the air are last breaths .
no , but no air for us .
can we get air for you now ?
, no , the air is out .
1b h350 ghs08 dgr h350 h carcass a . m .
good god is we out of . . .
did someone give us air ?
someone 's air broke the air .
we 'll get out of here , but we got out of the air !
it 's raining and clouds . . . we do n't have any air .
now it 'll be a good blender .
hey kyle , did you get a blender ?
a good mixer and a good blender !
it wo n't hurt , the blender .
the little one will come in handy in the blender .
you have a great blender . oh !
blender turned out and turned into a good blender .
the blender was a good thing to do .
kaelin has n't used it in a blender .
yeah yeah , yeah , blender , yeah .
that 's . . . boxy .
there was a box , but never mind him .
i think that box !
oh , yeah , you know , you big box .
mind . that 's a box .
what 's wrong with the box ?
are you sure it 's a box ?
will it be possible for a box ?
then you can imagine a box . . .
a man has a box , and for him a box !
his face suggests no hunger . ''
do you feel like he 's hungry ?
looks , they 're hungry .
one of them said he was n't hungry .
and i 'm sure he 's not hungry today .
has his appetite been reported today ?
the same thing today that he seems not to be hungry .
one has two meals .
look look , did he look hungry today ?
looking like he 's not hungry .
give him no proof of killing kwak and others .
yet no proof of killing kwak .
ca n't prove he did n't kill kwak .
but i 've got no proof he killed kwaku .
there 's gon na be no proof of killing kwak .
he was n't even killed .
evidence of his death ca n't bring him to trial .
he had killed kwak in vain !
proof of murders by kwak
see , kwak killer .
does anyone really have any fun ?
fun to be sure !
is it supposed to be fun ?
yeah , yeah . fun .
and surely it would have been fun .
lots of fun has happened that i 'm sure .
a lot to be fun .
we definitely really enjoyed it .
because that 's a lot of fun
the whole time people have a lot fun .
one without the leader of the party
i do n't have a leader . ''
none of the leaders ' leaders
he 's chief , nowhere to be .
could i be the leader ?
the leader did n't look present .
did they even have to be leader ?
the leaders have been absent .
this has been without a leader
two hundred leaders .
now do n't worry about it because today was a terrible day .
you know today was a terrible day , do n't you ?
today things to do with an awful day
not long ago it was a terrible day .
today is just one hell of a day .
it really wo n't let you go that day .
there 's a lot out of that day .
did today are terrible days ?
well , it was terrible for that day .
this is really terrible , today .
making stupid jokes to be stupid .
stop the idiots when you talk .
is anyone stupid ?
the man talks like a fool .
fool wo n't talk anymore like that .
ai n't nobody gon na talk like a fool .
he was so stupid about talking .
what do those stupid words mean ?
you can '' stop talking like a fool !
do n't tell me you 're an idiot
the streets are overcrowded . there 's no fraternity .
inspector 's got nothing and no fraternity on the street .
here they are brothers .
it 's illegal out there .
'what was that , inspector ? there 's no fraternity on the street .
inspector , it 's nothing new on the street .
inspector , that street does n't have a fraternity .
in the street , this was found that there was no fraternity .
inspector , did n't there happen to be a fraternity on the street ?
but as inspector , they wo n't be on the streets of brotherhood .
that 's a tall fist saw him and jerked .
i 've seen a tall fist and i 'm no .
high fist caught sight .
when he saw her , he winced .
he suddenly saw him that way .
did he judges him with a high fist ?
he suddenly could see him waving a high fist .
they see his high fist twitching .
tall fist . high fist .
take a look up .
no matter how angry you are , and i 'm not ?
it 's too much for you to be angry .
no big deal ever anger you ?
you were n't upset .
your mom was . . . ? . . and no one was really mad at you ?
i think you 'll never be angry
now he 's not getting angry ?
you were never really pissed ?
like you never in anger ?
no tears are good for you ?
he winced , blinking slightly .
because of several things , his eyes widened slightly
small , so you do n't blink your eyes .
no , i see a slight wrinkle in his eyes .
jim squinting eyes he blinked slightly
i have n't blinked in my eyes .
i could see a slight wrinkle in his eyes .
the boy winced a little , which was a good thing .
involuntarily , the man winced a little bit .
that 's sarcasm , slightly .
mr . jaffe , what is the swallowing medication ?
they do n't swallow the medicated .
how can he swallow his medication ?
now nothing 's going on his pills .
bad food swallowed his medicine .
and the pills , which he does n't swallow .
'i think he does n't swallow his medication , 'said vimes .
and if you do n't swallow your medication , you 're going to die .
daniel 's bad medicine is a piece of shit .
swallow no more of the medication .
the clothes have got nothing to do with the powder .
no such thing was in the dress if you had powder .
you do n't have to carry the gun in your dress .
 powder does n't have to be worn in the dress .
take it with you when you wear your clothes .
thank you . you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
i got your clothes . . . no need to wear a gun .
did the powder wear you ?
clothes is useless !
the dress is no necessary .
i 'm just gon na try to break mayan 's record .
actually , the suicide is the only possible way to break mayan 's record .
i can think of nothing more than suicide , is the only way to break mayan 's record .
just a suicide . . . ! . . and he 's gon na try to break mayan 's record .
you 're gon na . . .
is n't it suicide to try to break the record ?
i 'm just trying to break mr . mayan 's record .
the suicide is just attempted by mayan to break the record .
hey , it 's just suicide to try to break the record , right ?
only when does he want to break mayan 's record ?
guess what ? she 's not gon na love me anymore .
mr . point was that he did n't love me anymore .
well , let 's just say he does n't love me anymore .
nothing had happened to her . she did n't love me .
you see it 's just that she does n't love me anymore .
is it supposed to be that she does n't love me anymore ?
that 's one . . .
let 's just say he does n't love me anymore .
did she love me to the point she did n't like me ?
things are she does n't love me anymore
no , just drink .
and my drink too .
something else could be done with the drink .
did you have a drink ?
you did n't get me for a drink .
something to drink and i 'd really appreciate it .
yeah . just one more drink . yeah
a drink would be fine , i 'd drink .
yeah , and it would be good for a drink .
so much good and drink .
select from them ?
good lord does n't choose them ? ''
if he chose them , if he did ?
the master chooses his best choice ?
so clear as he chose them ?
no , he was n't sure ?
so mr . kvatrer ?
the council president always chooses everyone ?
hey , jesus picked them ?
robert chose the same thing one year after the other ?
outside , other people ?
hey , you out there , watch it and come out ?
'watch the outside , 'said vimes .
hmm . '' you watched out there ?
and i 've been looking out ?
hey louis your watch ?
well done , man ?
you 're so careful you did n't look out ?
wait , um . . .
well , the thing was you were looking out ?
the fate was the ones people did n't like .
was it a similar fate ?
the same fate is different to yours
there 's nothing like fate in your fate .
oh my god , your fate is not like that .
you have two fate not like that .
none of your fate like others
none of your fate are similar to that .
the fate fate was your dreams .
what happened to your fate when your destiny was n't like that ?
son of a bitch radio has fallen apart .
how bad , radio stations !
radio ! '' he said .
the radio is really fucked up , and does it cost anything ?
your radio will be out of your ears now .
that radio was bad . it was terrible .
you the fucker .
shit , two radios .
the damn radio was listening .
if you do n't mind , get your radio out of here !
was n't it going to hurt ?
your pain , it hurts like hell ?
so what hurts . . . ? . . you know what ?
'you 're hurt ? '
so the whole thing 's hurt ?
ok , what hurts , right ?
it will be good if what hurts is what ?
so the same to what hurts ?
and it hurts , but what does it hurt ?
the wound was well , well , what is it ?
he 's not there .
do n't you know jackie ?
jackie report on gina
and i got a message from gina , so jackie sent it .
that made jackie report to gina
that the ginese report has been sent to jackie
jackie gina does n't have a report
yes , jackie 's reporting something to gina .
he sent a message to gina and jackie on the phone .
they want to send a message to gina .
install , this is an easy access .
i also have a switchboard to switch stations to easily accessible positions near the door .
electrically switch , close the door .
it is installed .
their switchboard is not installed in easily accessible positions close to the door .
a position that is readily available near the door will not be affected by the installation of light switches .
these are not a door .
and then he switched to the service switchboard , which is readily available near the door .
there 's enough lights . . .
why is n't the switchboard at work stations located close to the door ?
it 's never good for christmas .
more christmas are lost to me
nothing was important for me to christmas .
looking forward to christmas .
for christmas it 's , okay ?
even so , i 'm not interested in christmas .
christmas in my eyes stop bothering me .
why are you giving me christmas off ?
the only thing that matters to me is christmas .
and that 's useless for christmas .
a little bit of advice from you makes me feel good ?
anything 's up ?
any advice tips were available ?
and he 's not able to give me any tips ?
well , i 'll be able to get some tips from you .
any little advice for me ?
if you do n't mind , if you can give me some advice ?
can you get some tips from me ?
you or any of your tips for me ?
if you do n't mind , maybe you can point to some tips ?
her smile 's . . .
a mysterious smile on her face does n't mean everything .
a good natured smile , i 'm sure it can be a mystery sometimes .
she was smiling too , though it was sometimes a mystery .
such kind of smile also has a mysterious nature and sometimes can be very mysterious .
'the same smile , 'she said , sometimes very mysterious .
sometimes i did n't know what kind of mysterious smile she had .
and the smile was sometimes shrouded in mystery .
how she had a strange smile at times
as i noticed , her smile was also a mystery sometimes .
so , on the other hand , your wolf was right , he 's looking for his prey .
good lord does n't want me to see a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you told my wolf
so do n't go and find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
the only wolf was nowhere to be found .
you said look for a wolf , you do n't know where he 's gon na find his prey .
well , i 'm supposed to be looking for a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
'he wants me to find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you say wolves to the place where they find their prey .
i just got a message to find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
when i was in high school , i did n't even know what professor kang was doing .
it was professor kang who made the pathologist .
this is from professor kang , the pathologist ?
the pathologist is not kang .
the former head of the coroner is really kang .
it was a good professor , as he was a pathologist .
professor kang who led the pathologist .
as well as professor kang , the pathologist . ''
professor hector to be the pathologist .
even to see professor kang , the pathologist .
it 's kind of like someone was killed .
this guy might as well kill .
someone will die , that sounds like someone 's murder .
the voice is heard and heard that someone has been murdered .
there will probably be someone murdered .
i feel like someone was murdered .
'i feel like someone 's been murdered
he was killed by someone . you 're talking about someone else 's murder .
as a result of this , a murder sentence can be heard .
someone killed him something .
install it the windows internet connection has not been completed . ''
setup complete windows .
complete installation completed with internet connection
if you want to connect to the internet , your setup can no longer run .
it is complete with the windows installation , but . . .
it is more than complete with the windows internet connection .
setup was not complete with the internet connection in windows .
system setup 1 0 updates on the internet connection .
install windows and connect .
installation of the windows internet connection completed itself .
no surviving people in this place can be saved !
this place is not worth saving .
now i can save no one here .
no one will come here and save anyone . one no one to be saved .
no one is allowed to be saved here .
we have no one in here and that we ca n't save anyone .
i was n't supposed to be here , and i ca n't save anyone in this place .
and out of here he 's got no one to save .
does it ever save anyone in this place ? ''
nobody had a good place to save .
vanessa and the demons themselves can become a victim vanessa
has he also fallen ill ?
this is vanessa and she can also be a demon .
the demons also became a victim of vanessa .
the same demon may not also have vanessa .
such demons as vanessa could also be a victim .
as a result of this , vanessa may also be affected by demons .
did you see the demon vanessa happen to be ?
moreover , other vanessa demons may be their victims .
vanessa had her chance to fall in love with demons .
worst part i 've ever heard of was your attack on a guard .
hey , is n't it going to be a bad thing to do with the guard ?
something about your attack on the guard .
wo n't you blow up ?
hit bad security !
for your guard , how 's your condition ?
you were just hitting a guard with how bad ?
the bad thing was injuries to the guard , do you know ?
those are your injuries to the guard .
i was talking about your attack on the guard . . .
this has also been accused of stealing from the firm .
will he stand in court if he faces serious accusations that he stole from his company ?
there are serious allegations , of theft and a breach of trade law .
this is the company faces serious accusations .
today he faces serious accusations that he stole from his company .
so i have to tell you that he faces serious accusations of stealing from his company ?
t . h . is facing serious accusations of stealing from his company .
why ? he faces serious accusations of stealing from his company .
he is not guilty . ''
someone accused her to rob her company .
can you bring in english , science and chemistry books ?
yeah . . . one . . 5 . . 8 . . 7 . . 6 . . 2 . .
read , e . g . chemistry .
because of english languages , chemistry and physics books are in my hands
yes , it was also in england , science and chemistry .
they gave me books on english , science and chemistry . it 's too much .
english science one '' books ' has been ordered .
books literature had always taught me english as well as chemistry .
when i was little , they gave me books on english and chemistry .
the book will read . . .
rope at the bottom of the slope will soon be an endless line .
climbing a steep slope is a rope , right ?
someone 's climbing rope somewhere .
where the steepest slope ends , there 's a rope .
and somewhere on the highest slope there 's a rope .
on top , endless ropes will form a steep slope .
h317 h410 ghs07 wng , h410 hexamethylene ''
high there 's a rope at the bottom of the slope
climbing the steepest slope until there 's a rope .
did you hear about the steep slope that there 's an infinite rope ?
cecil put your army on france 's sovereign ground ?
your house and foreign military came to france ?
727 orders foreign troops into france
inviting foreign troops does n't give france the right to rule ?
france now , send a foreign army ?
in this way , it is necessary to send foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory .
french who invited foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
i 've been invited to france by foreign troops . . . ! . . on sovereign territory .
a stranger 's up ?
sir , who sent foreign troops to france , came here ?
we are finding no place in the solar system for such a huge wild beast . . .
nothing exists in our solar system , not even on a moon or planet , where such a huge wild animal can live .
it 's our planet , not even a moon or planet , where there 's such a huge wild animal .
no place in the solar system for a giant wild beast .
such animal is found nowhere in our solar system , not even on a moon or planet .
i never knew there was such a huge , wild animal in the solar system .
that nor to any moon or planet could exist such a huge wild animal
did n't it ever have a place in our solar system on any moon or planet ?
nowhere we are in the solar system , not even on any moon , not on any planet .
he found his place . ''
what does he kill ?
they do n't want to kill themselves , right ?
everyone did n't commit to killing themselves
they 'll be killed . ''
what are they going to kill ?
every one of them will be killed .
i do n't even have time to kill myself .
well . . . everyone .
kind of like everyone killed themselves .
they did n't kill just anyone .
i can also ensure that digital media is available on the network
they are not available online .
now i can broadcast digital media on the network .
i enabled on line streaming of digital media .
does it allow digital media streaming ?
do not interrupt the broadcast of digital media when the network is connected .
as it allows , the digital medium will be broadcast across the network .
the network 's not allowed .
its broadcast is possible
yes , and . . . i enabled the distribution of digital media online .
you have an afternoon to go .
yeah , tomorrow afternoon .
it 's not your afternoon , it 'll be mine .
now you 're on your way to lunch .
it 's afternoon . . .
today is your afternoon to be mine . . .
bye bye afternoon , one
afternoon does n't have to be .
the afternoon was just two things .
it 's afternoon with me .
hey , one more minute , strahm mobile phone locator .
and you 'd better get strahm 's phone registered to the locator ?
oh , sir , what would you do with strahm 's phone ?
please find strahm 's cell phone
the phone is strahm 's mobile too .
you 're gon na put strahm 's locator on his mobile phone
maybe there are n't any landmarks on strahm 's mobile phone .
what do you want to do with the search for strahm 's cell phone ? ''
the phone of strahm will give us a locator .
and if i can find strahm on his mobile
bringing breakfast came for me ?
did n't breakfast make you ?
if you do n't want breakfast , i 'll have it .
it 's up to me to make breakfast .
you got a breakfast report to me ?
i 'm going to make breakfast , do you want to eat ?
going to breakfast , coming with me ?
okay , bring me some breakfast .
i 'll get you breakfast .
you came here for breakfast ?
leaving 's not your plan for tomorrow .
ed said here , i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
you left this morning for edu , and i think you 're going to edu tomorrow .
but i 'd say you 're going to edo tomorrow .
you were supposed to go to edo tomorrow , but from my point of view .
you left the edu tomorrow over there .
he 's going to edo tomorrow and i guess you 're going to go .
'aye , i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
oh , i 'm sure you 're going to edo tomorrow .
i do n't think you 're going to edo tomorrow , but ca n't you go tomorrow ?
now she felt guilt and fear .
they 've now thought of trisha with guilt and fear .
fear , trisha felt guilt , as well as fear .
remember , trisha felt guilty , as well as afraid .
trisha guilty at the same time as frightened
there were regrets . . .
she wanted to feel guilty and scared at the same time .
imagine that she was scared . . .
and what do you think trisha felt guilty about ?
her fear 's guilt mingled with trisha 's fear .
$5,000 . that 's my 50 .
i was only 5,000 when i was 50 .
as much as 5,000 . . . as 50 bucks .
maybe the 5,000 bucks ?
and five thousand dollars and that 's 50 ?
yeah , can i get 50 bucks ?
are n't you convinced that 5,000 will give me 50 ?
well , 5000 , i 'll take 50 , okay ?
$5,000 , that 's my 50 percent .
the 5 grand cost me 50 bucks per person .
he 's got no time to think about sex !
sex 's not a good time .
now 's not the time sexual .
today ( sex time )
now 's not the time to think about sex !
now , we 're not thinking about sex .
all of a sudden . . . of course , man . . um . sex should be thought of . . standing by the bed .
now , thoughts of sex do n't exist .
did we have sex ?
when is the last time ?
is the sex at stake today ?
sexual content has to do with the contest .
fuck off , it 's got nothing to do with sex .
no selected sex will be contested .
and now we 're gon na have sex .
look out , i do n't have sex for competition .
you have to compete and you do n't have sex .
your sex is a competition too !
what we 're talking about is no sexual contest .
no sexual competitions are it .
what do you hear from his majesty ?
and yet he is deaf ?
have the orders yet ?
you know what his majesty ordered ?
as you have heard his majesty , that is true ?
no one has heard . . . his majesty 's order
this is majesty superior ?
should i have heard ?
your majesty has never heard of you ?
you heard his majesty 's royal decree .
i do n't really lick .
i 'm sure you want to lick him .
p . o . is n't it nice ?
a lick of this has been asked
when you 're done , i 'll lick it .
the man wanted the fucking licked ?
the dog would lick up to you ?
you want , you want to kiss him ?
wanting a lick of him ?
little kiss , right ?
ca n't you see the greed in this ?
everyone here has their hands on their heads like this to make a fool of them .
and all that greed is going on ?
hey , here , got to be so greedy ?
why have you been so greedy ?
everybody greed , please ?
guys and greed are here ?
you 've got so much greed in here ?
i got a little greed in here ?
explain your greed and your greed
nothing too big is going to tell people .
it 's not our plan , but it 'll be our plan .
we have no plan and people .
did anyone . we do n't want to tell people .
nothing plans for us to tell people .
we were n't in the plan so we did n't tell people .
plan we never tell .
we planned and did n't tell people .
none of us has ever told people .
we planned to tell people
the matches will be a new experience for me and i 'll never see another game or match .
i had a look at the game , or the match , or something .
look at the matches one
to watch the game . . . it would be a whole new experience for me .
i was so new that i could watch the game or the match or something .
do n't you tell me it 's a completely new experience for me to look at the game and all that ?
new experiences for me have nothing to look at the game or the game and everything .
it would be a completely new experience , seeing the game and everything , it would also be a new experience .
when i look at the game or the game , everything .
you 're a new experience for me to look at the game and everything .
someone defends her and is against her ?
whose defense is he defensive ?
number one , good god alone , is in charge to defend himself . . .
well , he 's not against anyone ?
tell me who 's going to defend her . . . against her ?
he 's the one in charge , so he can defend himself ?
and it 's not who to defend .
and he 's still defending himself ?
someone defused the wrong man ?
against two things , man ?
so everyone else wo n't be screaming
'all of a sudden , ' said the mage .
the rest of you screaming .
and why is everyone screaming ?
oh , they scream .
are they screaming so loudly ?
call out the screams of all of them .
all right . all !
the crowd was out of breath for a scream .
was it screaming ?
look , america 's imperialist country 's using such thoughts as justification for economic greed .
it justified the imperialist country 's economic greed then .
one of the imperialist countries could use such a mindset to justify its economic greed .
it enabled imperialism to justify its economic greed .
imperialist countries are using this mindset as justification for economic greed
perhaps the imperialist country justifies its economic greed
they use this mindset as a justification for economic greed . . .
yes , but it was a justification for imperialist countries ' greed for an economy .
how was this thought justified ?
imperialism is justified .
these are two important secretaries
they seek out the security .
take care of the security , come on , minister .
so we 'll all focus on the security of the secretary of state
secure for the secretary of state 's visit !
oh , my secretary visited .
i ca n't give priority to security when the secretary visits .
this is a visit to the secretary of state to concentrate on security .
that 's what everyone needs to do to secure the secretary 's visit . ''
the visit of the secretary of state requires them .
his view is no different .
here 's a problem as a solution .
no one had seen the problems , but the possibilities for solutions .
you do n't see him as a problem , but as a chance for a solution .
and you never saw him as a problem , he looked like an opportunity for a solution .
you consider him a problem , consider him an opportunity for solutions '' .
it 's not a problem to consider solutions . ''
remember , you need to look at it as a problem .
i never understood what it was like to look at it as a solution .
nothing looked like a problem to me but looked .
i 've got nothing to say to you that it 's not funny .
we were on our own as a joke , not funny . . .
no one found it funny and laughed .
people like us wo n't find it funny
and i guess everyone else , that it 's not funny .
according to us , it 's no funny thing .
i was crazy about this .
this joke was n't meant for us .
is it just kidding us ?
it 's just us that do n't find it funny .
friend connections wants to be .
anyone wanted a friend like that ?
we 'll be friends
and your friend is joining us ?
he wants a friend and good ?
i 'd like to be . . . a friend .
oh i . . . i want to be a friend .:
and i wish we could just be friends .
it 's too much for me to be friends .
hey , want to be friends ?
whites do n't go anywhere !
i never wanted a whitefish !
morons place of whitefish
the biggest jerk is looking for a whitefish .
morons forgot what a whitefish is .
son of a bitch .
i got a whitefish !
moron eggs whites !
moron one . you do n't know where a whitefish is ?
he did n't come , but he was n't supposed to be a whitefish .
oh , are n't you ?
what did you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine ?
it was impossible to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
the thorazine 's strongest 300 milligrams .
he does n't respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine and he 's done it .
thorazine response by following
so impossible you could n't respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine ?
for 300 milligram .
h317 h410 ghs08 dgr h317 is ' failing to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
i 'm sure you ca n't answer 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
according to sabata , kill the bandits .
so . . . sabata killed the bandits .
why do sabata kill the bandits ?
the sabata of the bandits is a killing
'sabata killed the bandits . '
kill with sabata in the bandits . ''
so he killed down to the bandits .
two sabata have killed the bandits .
and sabata killed a bunch of bandits .
you have to kill sabata . ''
the things that everyone knows .
very familiar now .
okay , sir , let 's see what we know !
we just knew the basics .
we 'll let you know what we know !
just a lot of us knew .
everyone here and who knows .
everyone , that 's not true .
everyone knew and knew it from the beginning .
the whole world knows two things as we know it .
it 's like you 're not afraid to die .
the old man feared the death .
you just do n't have a fear of dying .
i 'm not afraid of death .
haunted are no longer afraid of death .
how does anyone not fear death , live and die ?
you have no fear of death .
your new fears of death .
fear of death for nothing
none of you now fear death .
we 're in a weird place at the moment .
in the meantime , i 'm getting a little weird .
'looks a little weird . '' something happened around him .
it 's starting to be weird . . . (. . . that something 's going on .
let 's get a little weird .
yeah , yeah , weird stuff , man , man
well , um , things kind of weird .
let 's . . . things get a little weird .
it was kind of weird out there , and a bit of a mess .
something weird happened in doing this .
one newspaper sales did n't take place because of them .
few had the papers sold .
like i said , they do n't sell newspapers .
newspaper business had sold everything before he died .
the only time they did n't sell the paper . . .
no one will sell the paper .
and as i know , never mind , that they did n't sell the paper .
i can tell you , no newspaper sales .
i swear , i 'm sure they did n't sell the papers .
no one will sell the paper ever .
there will be a son of a bitch behind him .
and bastards are back .
i got that son of a bitch back , '' i said .
back to that son of a bitch .
he 's back with that son of a bitch !
the bastard and the son of a bitch !
ca n't i get that bastard back ?
son of a bitch behind his back . . .
was he returning the damn son of a bitch ?
the son of a bitch , the old man .
i 'm telling you . you 're a tough guy .
well , what about tough girls ?
tough , girls like you !
you never liked a lot of tough girls like me .
tough guy or i was looking for tough girls .
and think you 're not a tough girl
you hated girls like that and took them out of your body .
someone really messed up you and made you out of tough girls !
one is hard for you .
you 're not like tough girls . think of yourself . . .
it 's not all .
are you ready for seven lucky ? ''
lucky seven , all bets ?
it 's going to be lucky seven and everything .
for everything there 's a lucky 7 ?
everything will be put on lucky seven .
so far , i 'm going to put everything on lucky 7 .
i just figured out on lucky 7 .
that was all luck 7 ?
people wanted not to go on lucky 7 .
two others in one wake .
he woke him up .
hang on to his ability to wake up the others .
they are dependent on burton 's ability to wake up the others .
do you know how much burton depended on him to wake up the others , please ?
it 's burton 's responsibility .
the rest wakes up in time for burton .
the other residents rely heavily on burton 's ability to wake them up at the right moment .
what kind of responsibility burton has for waking up the others ?
he gave burton the power to wake up the others , please .
beans are , we coffee .
s . coffee wo n't come in here .
we 're boiling .
we 'll have colored coffee , please .
a cup of coffee is not pouring coffee .
what 's the coffee pouring out here ?
here 's a spoonful of coffee .
we 'll have colored coffee .
i see you , i have decarbonated coffee .
we had grown coffee in it so that it could be tasted .
does have a nice rifle too ?
that did n't stop me from having a nice gun too .
the shotgun is it when it comes to the shotgun .
yeah , and a nice rifle too .
there 's a pretty hunting rifle .
yes , and he has a nice rifle too .
one , which is also a nice rifle .
someone would like to have a nice rifle too .
i also have with me that nice shotgun .
my husband has a really good shotgun .
well , the film is .
tell the truth one when i saw this movie !
will you please see the best film i 've ever seen ?
we 're in a movie , i 've never seen a better movie .
i n't see it .
nothing beats this movie and i have n't seen it
nobody 's ever able to see a better movie .
wow , man . look at this movie .
do you see this movie ?
i 've never seen a better film .
does n't everyone have a chance to send a real killer ?
i guess he 's sent a real killer .
just for starters . ''
i think he was sent by a real killer .
one possibilities either way .
mrs . i 'm guessing he was sent by a real killer .
if he was a real killer , he was sending him .
someone from the real killer probably sends to her .
mr . gunther , are they likely to be sent by a real killer ?
this is possibly true .
fear , get me out of anger .
'from the fear anger . '
well , why is it ?
is it really pissed to me ?
and all of those fears make me furious .
fear attacks are always angry at me .
anger at me for one more
you 're too scared , anger .
the fear pissed and pissed .
it pissed me off to be scared .
take the deputies !
you gave deputies to treat me the same courtesy .
do n't worry anymore , i 'll get the same courtesy as my deputies .
all right , behave respectfully .
because i 'm sure you will treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies .
the same courtesy goes off with my deputies .
the same considerations as yours will apply to my deputies .
so will you treat my deputies the same courtesy ?
i pay tribute to the way you treat my deputies .
you did n't give my deputies the same courtesy , and they wanted to treat me like that .
what do you lose , peace ?
loss permeate the soul .
in these other two losses , god 's going to be calm .
no , its loss was filled .
this loss was filled with serenity and was accompanied by divine calm .
the only thing missing was serenity and god 's quiet .
god almighty was looking for peace in this loss , serenity and divine calm .
yet it was inside that loss of peace and divine calm .
the loss one found serenity .
but there is serenity and god 's peace in this loss .
do n't let the first league think like me , they think the same .
in the first league of baseball , i was just thinking .
baseball , not mine .
so the league is thinking like me
all my thoughts .
did he find out the first league of first league thinking like me ?
baseball only had a first league , and they thought like me .
such a league will think the way i do !
my way to the first baseball league .
it 's the first league all the way to me .
okay , is n't it ?
more about buying forecast ?
you gave me a purchase forecast ?
there 's a planned purchase ?
it 's not a forecast ? ''
no , i have a purchase forecast .
do n't there have any sales forecasts yet ?
purchase forecast is taking place ?
you got my guess the purchase was planned ?
i guess there 's a purchase forecast .
my teeth were n't hungry .
no way to be hungry ! !
i would be hungry to eat .
at least i do n't want to eat .
nothing to eat today ( no food ) .
and why is he making me hungry ?
nothing made me hungry to date .
if you do n't want to , it 's nothing to eat .
he wants to tell me i 'm not hungry . ''
nothing tastes like hunger .
you 're involved , the lady who 's got it ?
i 've invited you too , mrs . nehru . ''
do you care mrs nehrui
he 's got you involved , mrs . nehru .
and so it goes to you too , mrs . nehru ?
other mrs nehru are n't involved .
in the game you were mrs nehru ?
your sister 's not your wife ?
so , even if you 're mrs . nehru . . .
it 's not your fault , mrs . nehru ?
repeat error and justice ?
the next mistake in justice makes you worse ?
it 's more miscarriages of justice .
your opponent 's next judicial mistake ?
and he does n't want to make another mistake ?
your fault has n't been repeated ?
there was another mistake made ?
again , and again ?
the courts have failed , and it is another miscarriage of justice .
it 's another mistake in . . .
do you mean i had everything on my own ?
do you mean he 's just for me ?
i just think everything is mine ?
the whole thing of mine is taking care of me ?
everything is mine .
as you say , it was okay if i did n't ?
do you mean that everything belongs to me ?
like you . . . he 's mine .
your being said everything was just mine ?
i have everything on my own ?
there has n't been a time to be an asshole .
he 's done , and he 'll never be a dick again .
shut up dickhead
i 'm not stupid enough to be an asshole .
he does n't even have a dick !
for an offended dick .
well , you can still be an asshole for a second .
all the bastards are an asshole .
get out , you son of a bitch .
well , the old man wo n't be pissed .
was n't my dad smoking in the pregnancy ?
my parents were smoking in the pregnancy .
he smoked out there .
my parents smoked when they got pregnant .
'he 's got a pregnant mother , 'said the father .
he smokes the whole time .
the father smoked even further .
smoking , old man .
at the same time mama 's father is still smoking .
the father smoked it all the time my mother was pregnant .
but there was luck in you .
being and being a lucky man
he 's just lucky today .
so how can i be lucky ?
you 've got what you 're lucky for .
you did n't have much luck , man .
you just were n't luck .
you came in here and were lucky .
well , you 're one of the lucky ones .
you 're lucky , right ?
nothing stops me from stopping
can you keep me up ?
nothing stopping and nothing to stop .
nothing progress ever came back from me .
of course we 're stop .
all of a sudden i had no way of stopping .
what kind of stop ?
it seems to me that i 'm not stopping
well , it 's over , and we 're not stopping .
i have nothing to do .
in the interests of innocent lives , he endangered the lives of others .
endangered '' innocent life ?
give up ? take on innocent lives .
come on , damn innocent lives !
mr . put out an innocent life ?
is there going to be an innocent life ?
there 's an innocent life in danger , do n't you think ?
hey , did he put an innocent man in danger ?
the innocent threatened , and the innocent endangered ?
innocent lives , innocent life .
but there will be madness .
( jack ) are you crazy ?
and what 's crazy ?
that 's my crazy thing
do n't go crazy , you fool !
one day such crazy one in the country .
well , do you know how crazy this is ?
such madness will come and go .
the crazy ones have done it to me .
something crazy must have happened .
nothing written about his motives and his intentions
the reasons are written .
if he does n't write his reasons , everything has to be written .
such reasoning as a motive . i . e . ?
that 's not his motive yet ?
motive statement was there , not written ?
reasons motive is said to be , why not write them down ?
there are no reasons why he did n't write
okay , different reasons for his absence ''
none of this is clear what his motive is ?
he was no longer afraid of malacandra and he was still afraid of oyars .
mr . malacandra , malacandou , malakandou . . . nothing more to worry about , just oyars . oh yes .
malacandra people should have nothing to worry about except oyarsa .
all of malacandra was worried about him , one after oyarsa .
we have two other fears .
the only thing left was malacandra 's fear .
do n't worry about malacandra and oyarsa
and fear no worries .
he 's in malacandra and he does n't have to worry about anything other than oyars .
he was left with nothing to worry about at malacandra , but oyarsa did .
no one will let you be late .
the only thing was you 'd be late .
just what 's your fault for being late ?
these are guarantees that you wo n't be late ,
now it 's too late .
a little extra caution made sure you were n't late .
if you 're going to be late '' do n't worry .
how did anyone get late ?
no worries about you were supposed to be late , okay ?
no one gets lost to you if you 're not late , okay ?
'i think the pain was born of anger , 'said vimes .
pain , it , which breeds fury .
pain 's in his birth .
pain changes in anger .
no . i 'm born of pain and anger .
the pain then turned anger into fury .
it 's all the pain .
only a few painful things when the pain gave rise to fury .
pain is more angry .
it just did n't give birth to anger .
the barrenger here confides in little girls .
barrengers will also continue to molest the girls .
take it so that barrenger molested a little girl .
barrenger molests his little girl !
you brought in barrenger . he molested a little girl .
it 's barrenger molesting a little girl !
no , i 'm telling you barrenger molested a little girl .
well , there 's still barrenger with little girls .
molested a girl , what else is going on ?
the barrenger is a son of a bitch , assaulting a little girl .
girl here comes by 9 00 in the evening . ''
you came here tonight to bring the girl home .
now come tonight and bring the girl home .
it 's and nine o'clock in the evening to bring a girl home .
bring your girl nine o'clock
girl night will be nine .
come by bringing the girl home at nine in the evening
why do you even want to bring a girl home at 9 00 ?
you do n't that you bring a girl home at nine in the evening ?
'he brings a girl to nine in the evening .
the war took a lot of me in my youth .
as you know , there 's not much i can do about it when i was young , i 'm courting war .
you know , you used to go to war when i was young .
youth courts the war .
youth war was always involved when i was young .
youth used to go to war .
at youth , he likes to fight .
no , i used to go to war .
young , that 's my boy 's war .
was it a war for my youth ?
just like you 're smart .
the way smart . ''
someone was picking up your smart ass .
do you even think about being smart ?
well , it 's not that kind of smart .
a smart thing come out of you .
you 're not really going to be smart .
god he made you such a smart boy .
then you must have been smart
people do n't look so smart for you .
the removal . masks , permanent .
how to delete the mask permanently ?
this was made up of removing the mask permanently .
it means you remove the mask permanently . . .
i delete the mask , one .
less than the one masks .
it removes mask one .
i permanently removed his mask .
he removed his removable mask to a permanent removal .
which mask removes this ?
no doubt if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
i have merlin on my mind if i have to choose .
obvious choice of single merlin films
the choices in my mind i would have taken merlin .
choice of taking merlin would have been clear to me .
i would n't but i would have taken merlin .
it did n't matter if i had a choice , she took merlin home .
mr . merlin will obviously be my choice if i have to choose .
what a choice , i take merlin myself .
i chose merlin right after my choice .
who would want to have sex with a virgin ?
you said your friends were sleeping with virgins , and they did n't .
how else do you want to have sex with a virgin ?
when you had sex with a virgin ? ''
all friends do n't sleep together anymore ?
everybody love , everyone love , virgins virgin . . .
when a friend 's having sex with a virgin ? ''
it 's like all your friends want to sleep with the virgins . . . ?
and he wants you ?
you thought about having sex with a virgin ?
well , i do n't think we 're going to play that kind of strong , high energy rock n'roll .
we do n't play rock n'roll when we play so much energy .
we were playing a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
and used to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
this time around . . .
there 's only a rock n'roll that 's very strong .
in what circumstances do we play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll ?
no , no way .
well , we 're not done .
we were just playing with a strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
let 's see if your mom likes it . . .
thanks , your mama .
sounds like your mom likes it !
mama loved your looks for that !
because your mom likes it , you have a right to love it .
your mom was happy when she saw it !
you got ta love it for your mom !
it 's not nice to your mom !
you have your mom love this !
mom loved it . . . ! . . and so does your dad !
okay , that evacuation .
everyone will not be evacuated . . .
one way clear the entire premises of the evacuation .
evacuate us all evacuated .
what 's he being evacuated ?
evacuation of the entire area . . . ! . we 're under way .
evacuation of the entire area we 're under way .
evacuate area when possible
sir , all evacuation of the area .
the evacuation is now in place
most of you had been listening !
for the record , the people of the world are listening !
then you heard the snitches !
stop it and listen up !
that 's no one listening . . .
stop the kids listening !
your ears off me !
people are not listening !
you both are incapable of listening !
the only answer is to no one !
the whole thing can only be described as bizarre !
in so many ways , it 's a bizarre thing , right ?
and it 's such a bizarre thing ! ''
the sounds were bizarre !
wow , have to be weird !
the way it 's weird !
the sounds one had to be so bizarre !
it 's not fucking weird !
i mean , how bizarre . . .
the idea of this is completely bizarre to me .
now i have nothing on the machine , and you do n't have anything .
did he ever have anything to do with the machine ?
if it 's not a machine , it 'll be nothing .
sir , have nothing to do with the machine . ''
will you be on the machine with nothing to do ?
such machine , such machines . . .
'madam , i do n't have anything ! 'said vimes , pointing to the machine .
to get away from the machine .
we 're not going to the machine , we never have .
because so i said the machine did n't have anything
they had no reason to listen .
i was just shut down .
'they just do n't listen .
now he 's just not listening !
i guess . . . they do n't listen .
i just have no sense of listening .
they shut their mouth for nothing , just do n't listen .
but the thing is they do n't listen .
even if they listen , they do n't .
no one listened here and did it again .
this is not just about kicking ass .
and then there wo n't be a kicking butt like the butt of a cement truck .
so kicking ass starts now .
the first kick was started in the butt to pour cement .
he 's already kicked ass .
it started when my ass kicked , cement .
oh shit , where 's the kicking butt ?
and the ass kicking , which starts with the ass of a cement worker .
kickin 's first kick starts his ass is banging cement .
oh , those kicks .
doctor and all his students a great joke .
a joke . . . common .
it 's all so funny about doctors and students .
is there a joke online ?
'doctor told you a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear jokingly . ''
i should have told you , i 'll tell you a joke about a doctor and a bunch of student doctors .
you listened to a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ' doctors too ?
you ever heard out to be a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
and the doctor wo n't be any more than a student doctor ?
would n't she have done anything else to leave her mother alone ?
her mother will be away from everything .
mom , do you have a thing ?
so i 'm sure she 'll never let her mom out .
and her mom stayed .
her mother was not allowed into anything .
if she had n't left her mother alone , she 'd be .
none of them did anything to her mother .
no mama . stay away .
the only thing he 's going to do is leave his mother alone .
the man 's feeling of wonderfulness came through me .
that 's really amazing .
it was really amazing to feel .
the feelings of it were amazing .
one , i ca n't believe it . o o o , that 's an amazing feeling . ''
something has been really amazing .
all my feelings are really amazing , as you say .
wow , wonderful feeling .
and it was wonderful .
my feeling was ''
there is a technical discussion underway on the way to assess the results of the tests .
the technical negotiations have not taken place regarding the assessment of the results of the tests .
but i have a technical discussion about how to assess the results of the tests .
one of the technical discussions , and the evaluation of the results of the tests , is underway .
the tech 's in .
as it relates to the assessment of the results of the tests , technical debate is up .
as it relates to the evaluation of the test results , they carry out technical discussion .
this is in the technical area to assess the assessment of the results of the tests .
technically , it is a way to assess the test results .
will be involved in technical discussions regarding the assessment of the results of the tests .
why did n't you let everyone know your various devices ?
everyone , knows n't you .
why do n't you tell everyone to know your various devices ?
all right , let 's find out to your various devices .
all devices now know about your various devices .
they were all familiar with your various devices .
everyone knew your equipment and knew well that you had different equipment .
everyone devices will be widely known .
we 'll all know , and they all know your various devices .
different types of equipment know each other .
this phenomenon was recorded in particular , taking place during warm periods .
what if i 'm in the middle of a warm period ?
it is common , especially in warm periods .
these two are common .
monterey park 's staff said it was mainly a warm period .
mostly , they occur in periods of warm weather .
if there is a warm period , it wo n't be necessary .
did it occur most of the warm periods ?
i did it in particular during warm periods .
let 's talk about it , since it 's mainly a warm period .
bear bear ramp , that 's not true .
without having a rap ramp for bears
well , that 's it .
bear has set up no rap ramp .
'bear , they have .
they 're stuck in bear territory because they do n't have a rap ramp .
bear up , i do n't have a rap ramp .
the bear has one big one .
is that on bear ?
what do you think bears do n't have a rap ramp ?
is everything everything yours ?
it was just you to be yours .
everything was yours the whole time .
the thing is yours and is to be yours .
no , it 's not .
now the thing is not yours .
everything else stays on you .
everything is up to you .
and you got it .
such things are for you all of your life .
one this silence could still be avoided .
the silence is the leastways now .
do n't even silence .
did we keep such an uncomfortable silence ?
the only way to keep this awkward silence was if we kept it that way .
i only hoped to keep this awkward silence .
the only option was the awkward silence 's silence .
and that 's for the uncomfortable silence .
our only option is to keep this awkward silence .
that 's one bad ending to that awkward silence .
you have it , hard .
because it 's gon na be hard . . .
hard to do .
because it 's gon na be tough .
one day things like that will be difficult .
it 's my only job .
sounds ( like a tough one )
but my job was hard .
this done thing wo n't be easy .
a tough thing to do
you have an evening visit that annoys me . . .
and the night here was on me that
friday is also not suited to your evening visit .
last night was that you were bothering me .
visiting night owls
also , night will annoy me .
and you stay home tonight , okay ? i do n't like you .
do i hate this night ?
come on , i do n't like your late night visit .
you all came to my late night .
why does n't he wait until half ? he 'll kill her in half an hour .
it 's just a half way . . . and dead every 30 minutes .
killed her half way .
end up there .
she was n't going to be killed in half an hour .
the end result is thirty minutes late .
kill people in half an hour
in half of the way . . . (. . . you 'll kill her in 30 minutes .
well , they killed her half an hour .
oh , that 's 30 minutes too late .
that was probably the trend of all the women today .
is that the usual thing to say about all the women today ?
sex talk does n't seem like a trend for every woman today .
how can anyone afford to talk like a whore today ?
i said it was a trend for all women today to talk like tramps
now it 's a trend .
can i have said that all the women today are talking like tramps ?
do you want to talk like a whore today ?
everyone did n't really talk like tramps today .
spoken seductress must have been the usual thing for all these women today .
when they still smiled in those terrible circumstances , they were proud .
even though they were in terrible conditions , their smile is proud .
'even though the conditions were terrible . '' was pride .
they smile still proud .
their smile 's clinging to pride even in these terrible circumstances .
the same cheerful smile on the face .
no matter the hellish circumstances , their smile was always filled with pride .
their smiles to hell were always proud of themselves .
in this hell , the smile is that they have always been proud of themselves .
that 's a still prideful smile .
drinking the acid again .
well , it 's best to say that damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
based on the magic , but drink hydrochloric acid from damon .
mr . damon . . .
it be magic !
is that what a witch 's explanation for that ?
it was probably witchcraft .
i think there 's a witchy explanation for that , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
were they drinking him ?
damon is pure hydrochloric acid .
none of the violence has been reported , and you should n't have done it .
you should certainly be there . . . without violence
well . . . i assumed you would n't be violent .
he 's definitely taking care of no violence
surely no violent is in place .
who 's sure there 's no violence
rules sure you do n't have violence , right ?
it 's and you should n't have made sure there 's no violence .
it 's up to you to make sure there 's no violence . ''
well , if you 're not violent , you make sure .
do you have any exact numbers yet ?
leonard , had no exact number yet .
the number of dollars is still unknown at the moment .
mr . jones knew that the exact number was not known .
there never came out , and give him an exact number .
at the same time , it could be determined without precision .
could n't we have an exact number ?
we know the exact number is not accurate .
i could n't exactly give him that figure .
why did n't he give him an exact number ?
we 're supposed to go for lunch , right ?
we came back home and asked him if we could go for lunch ?
and that 's lunch ?
then we got a break and lunch ?
hey , i 'm for lunch , right ?
we 're supposed to go for lunch again
we were all for lunch .
the question is the return of us as if we were going to lunch ?
when we go to lunch , we 're good .
i can still go for lunch with you ?
dave had n't been playing yet ?
the last time to dave played ?
dave still thinks he 's going to play ?
when will the dave play ?
wait , that 's dave ?
stay with dave . stay with him tonight ?
oh , that 's dave still playing , right ?
for your whole night dave , is dave gon na play , was , uh . . . ?
he was busy and was dave still going to play ?
will he play dave today ?
what does luck mean ?
and what happened to luck ?
a man always wears his luck !
is he looking forward to it and bringing good luck ?
i wish you luck .
and what are your luck ?
the gods have only wished you luck .
you did n't get any luck . are you ?
just a little too much luck will bring you .
you 're luck 's sake . . .
the pleasure to work with you was at the same time .
although i have to admit i was happy to work with you , too .
but i must not deny that i was happy to work with you both .
i . one of the things i have to admit , with both of you , great enjoyed working .
did i have the pleasure ?
is that enough ?
that ca n't be my fault , i 'm glad we both worked together .
mr . krajkowitz has been my pleasure to work with you .
although it is my pleasure to work with both of you
we must not be ashamed to admit that i was happy to work with you both . . .
no drain will come out of it , i hope ?
be sure it 's not a drain ?
hope not a drain .
it 's without the drain . ''
i hope those are no more draining .
no such thing was a drain ?
hope nothing , i . e . 2
hoping nothing of the drain ?
drain hopefully shut up ?
yeah , and it 's not gon na drain ?
or in other cases .
death toll is not his priority .
he hoped or else the death toll would rise rapidly .
i 'd like to see a quick increase in casualties , this time .
it 's better , or we 'll raise the death toll quickly .
i do n't want to raise the death toll so quickly
oh , they expected a rapid increase in the number of casualties .
the other are to expect an increase in the number of casualties .
we better expect an increase in casualties , too .
there 's a e e death .
they thought , i 'm too risky . ''
think about the bank 's big risk . ''
we 're saying the bank is taking too much risk . ''
a great deal of risk for the bank .
i 'm sure the bank is taking too much risk .
bank '' they think it 's too risky .
but they think it 's too risky
bank thought , but it 's going to be too risky .
think the banks are taking too much risk
i do n't think the bank was in danger .
he 's a public apology for that , examiner . ''
you know he 's sorry , but so you do n't .
good heavens , he 's sorry .
the public service officer here excites him with an apology .
on the examiner 's excuse , send a message .
this is apologetic , when he sends an apology .
yes , so far so .
the examiner will apologize to him , as he says .
i 'm writing him an apology , that 's part of the investigation .
well , apologies from him are in the mail .
the family 's not going out ?
family trouble had already taken place in our family ?
everyone is here when our family is in trouble ?
of course , we were caused all the problems of our family
we all have a problem together ?
whole family will have problems
so we did n't get ?
the rest of the family in the family will have problems ?
we 'll be in trouble for the whole family
one family goes down , others will be bad ?
does anyone have a secret passageway , sir ?
do anything in the hallway here ?
well , i 'm not sure .
something 's snooped around ?
it gives me a clue what lurks in that corridor ?
you can still find something to lurk in the hallway ?
any of this leads to something ?
you can see , the thing was in the hallway ?
not even in one alleyway ?
do you have a secret passageway , sir ?
do your secrets do it ?
whose figure could have created a secret system of submission ?
a mystery figure from her created a secret submission system ,
and this mysterious figure has created a secret system for sending letters , '' jessica said .
one mystery figures has created a secret system of applications .
do n't ask her a mystery figure , created a secret system for sending mail .
do you know her mysterious figure that created a secret system for sending mail ? ''
the mystery one was able to create a secret system of applications .
does he make such mysterious figures ?
do you know mysterious , sarah ?
it 's not a coincidence that we 're lucky .
then we do n't count as long as we 're lucky .
and the ones who were lucky .
the luck fairy did n't let us .
it 's a coincidence , right ?
we got a lot of luck , of course , but a lot luck .
yeah , yeah , luck
thanks and luck will be done .
yeah somebody was looking for him and got him .
yeah is that right , because we 're lucky .
oh , this will be the closure of london and all residents locked up in this place .
i was in london locked up , and they took all the residents .
it completely closes its entire city .
there was only a lock on london and all residents were trapped in that place .
they 're locked london away .
their closure closed london .
london , now we have a closed city , and all residents are trapped in this place .
they were closing london all the way to the city .
the whole london is under lock and locked up all residents .
what closure do you have all over london ?
so it happened so fast , '' he said .
these things happened so fast !
well , this thing happened to me so fast !
no one will do it in such a hurry , that it would happen so quickly !
. . a lot of it happened so fast !
do n't do it so fast !
do it happen in such a hurry !
no her was done so quickly !
it happens in such a hurry and does it happen so quickly !
things got lost in here so fast !
that 's a great actress
does the electorate love ?
why does the electorate love a brave actress ?
award winning actress loves , one
that 's very flattering , actress .
yeah , i got a love for daring actresses .
award worthy film actresses
i love the award winning actresses , ''
their love for daring actresses made them very attractive .
the award is not particularly popular with actresses .
are the commission 's priorities to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue ?
we strongly desire to integrate environmental issues into the policy dialogue . ''
no , it is imperative .
i did not hesitate , inter alia , to integrate the environment into the policy dialogue ''
the commission 's priority is environmental integration .
and integrate it politically .
the commission 's priority is to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
i want to integrate the environment into the policy dialogue . . . (. . . that it will be an environment .
eesc had a top priority in terms of environmental integration into policy dialogue , had a priority in environmental integration .
and europe is focused on the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue .
fail the students at school and let them out of school .
no students , no results .
and the students do n't either .
bad student he 's failing , so you 're failing .
keep your students away from you !
i would be disappointed if your students failed
well , it 's . . .
well , i 'm sure you failed .
'fail . your students do n't .
bad enough students failed at school .
stupid people here !
what you 're doing is stupid !
no ! you 're an idiot like that .
was you one ?
you have to be an asshole and stop !
how are morons now ?
now is not an idiot !
and you idiot again !
you 'd really make a fool out of yourself !
yours , come to me !
look , that what murder would you like to do to my best friend ?
he killed my best friend , guys and girls .
last minute things you know i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
the best friends are dying .
for the murder of my best friend , no other words can be said .
good god forbid , i would murder my best friend .
what murder is with my best friend ?
so now he 's gon na kill my best friend , okay ?
first things are clear , i 'm not gon na murder my best friend .
murder friends and everything
sounds like an architect , but he 's really nice .
one architect he was really nice .
yeah , was the architect really nice and all .
yeah i know , one year old architect , e one big . . . nice .
the architect of the house was going to be really nice and all .
the architect did n't look very nice .
give him an architect , really .
architects were really nice and everything .
it 's a great architect , all right .
how can his name be called an architect ?
now i 'm looking at him .
does anyone have any better looks ?
yes , that looks .
how they look great
i love that he looks great !
for i love him !
everything here is done .
he had beauty .
the looks are on him from here
they look really good on you .
there were engines in the car . . .
he had motor . ''
are you driving without an engine ?
car is fine , the engine is gone .
"he did n't have an engine ! '' he screamed .
yeah , the car did n't have an engine .
did he have an engine ? ''
car 's whole engine is he does n't have an engine ?
not even motor .
yeah , cars did n't have an engine .
out of this hurts both of my feelings .
go ahead , you hurt .
the man is being hurt by my feelings
the same painful feelings .
it 's too , too painful .
there was a bigger pain in my feelings .
but the feelings would n't matter to him .
and if he did , it would hurt him , i really do n't want to .
not the same pain as my feelings .
how was it going to hurt him and my feelings ?
and that 's 50 grand .
we'il increase , what 's 50 ?
now that 's not a 50 .
we 'll raise the price and wo n't be 50 .
it 's enough to be 50 ,
we took the numbers to 50 .
so much has changed since we were 50 .
those numbers to 50 ?
so i 'm going to be 50 .
i hope to be 50 .
nothing 's going on . i had no idea !
none of me have known ,
i have had no idea !
it 's no to me !
nothing i knew about !
can i talk to you about it now ?
give it up , man !
1b h350 ghs08 dgr h350 h carc
for a lot of unknowns , there 's no way i knew !
the thing is , i had no idea !
saved the xenon ships .
he wo n't give up the planet for captain wobbo .
we save the xenon ships .
i have news that the planet xene will save captain wobbo .
are you saved , xenon ?
he saves captain wobbo .
i ca n't believe it . xene will save captain wobbo .
xenon saves ohu .
xenonians do n't want to go , but it saves captain wobbo .
well , we 've just saved captain wobbo 's planet .
today on the street is made up of him ?
so this day will see him around ?
you'il take a look at her today ?
for a look at him , today ?
you'il see him here ?
oh , a look at her around today .
you just wanted me to see him around today ? ''
and then we 'll see him around today .
did you see her today ?
you saw her around ? ''
they came to the third world country
i 've got no country , and we have no third world country .
u . s . is no country .
'i think it 's not going to be any country , 'said vimes .
and no country belongs to the third world .
he told me i 'd never see any third world country .
the country of the third world did not exist at all .
well , it 's clear there 's no third world country .
it never knows when a third world country will come .
otherwise we 'll go to third world countries . . .
it 's not a minute i 'm gon na die .
you made it to death , you did n't die so quickly !
all you had to do was die .
mrs . krause wants to die too fast .
do n't die so fast ,
'he wants you to die too fast .
die so fast , i 'm sorry .
are you dying that fast ?
no one really can really die that fast in this state .
people have died so fast .
oh ! is screaming there .
everyone is screaming , the scream is heard .
cry cry cry tell me !
is called screaming tell me !
now you 'll say what you scream . ''
the scream 's got some words .
what does your scream say to me ?
you ca n't call me out .
scream , what about your screams ?
i did n't hear screaming from your scream .
nothing we can do in two weeks .
in which case nothing lasts two weeks .
two weeks and nothing will ever take place if you do n't have it .
i told you it was n't enough for two weeks .
then why do you have two weeks for nothing ?
we have things before us two weeks is not enough .
i only have two weeks left .
now it 's being held for two weeks .
nothing lasts but two weeks .
when he was two weeks old , he never wanted .
i asked mr paddick a dance
and paddick did he dance ?
one paddick wo n't dance today ?
mrs who danced with paddick wo n't be the one ?
the paddick is on the dance floor
do you even dance with paddick ?
you do n't dance mr paddick . . .
he 's really dancing with paddick ?
two men dance out with mr paddick ?
bow to paddick , what he 's dancing ?
why are the jokes never taken ?
no two jokes have been invented , father ?
the jokes were on you , dad .
and nothing ever happened for a joke , dad .
you all got jokes ?
i 'm not supposed to joke , dad .
were your jokes ?
as long as it 's not a joke , dad .
just joke around .
oh , what 's this ?
these days have passed and have been forgotten forever .
has he had a day one you wo n't forget ?
these days have been a day you have n't forgotten .
well , i 'm not forgotten .
remember just this day .
day on which you wo n't forget
we 're not the same .
it 's a day i wo n't forget
this day will be remembered forever , and it 's a day you wo n't forget .
it was also a day of remembrance .
i wanted peter connelly on the plane for the night .
before he died , peter connelly has been waiting for the plane tonight .
peter '' connelly should have taken the plane tonight .
this is n't about peter connelly . he 's got a plane tonight .
it 's tonight , peter .
was supposed to fly out of here tonight .
that peter connelly should have taken the plane would have taken her tonight .
they took peter connelly to the plane and flew .
when did peter connelly fly for the night ?
did they expect peter connelly flights ?
everybody make your joke ?
jokes are funny . . .
so he 's not kidding ?
i wo n't take it as a joke . ''
so how can you be kidding me ?
guys , it 's ?
so you 'll be kidding me and we 'll have a laugh ?
so what is a joke ?
you 're kidding me . can i ask some questions ?
funny was made of you ?
as long as he 's in the mood , he might as well change it .
yeah . one , good mood
mood has also changed in his favor .
he may have a different mood today .
that 's probably the best mood .
good mood changed the mood .
something like his mood might have changed .
the mood has a way to change .
his mood is n't .
'he can change his mood today ' he can change . '
then how are three targets ?
can we target it three times ?
the total 3rd target is us .
it 's 11th , our target three .
just for thunderstorms .
thunderstorms struck us .
thunder have three goals set out .
thunder 11 of us to target three .
thunder has three targets !
it 's not possible . . .
the guy just did it and did it ?
yeah . . j . ? to do it ?
do they have it ?
mrs . krautzelman can handle this ?
and they did n't even do it ?
hey , i 'm sure they can .
something like this can happen to them
in the right circumstances , they could do it .
maybe their job is so good ?
was there anyone ?
good night i 'm going to sleep .
kids ready for bed will be sleeping .
she was already asleep .
sleep came back , go to sleep , go back to sleep !
'that 's very good , 'sleep is coming .
for the kids kids .
the baby was already sleeping .
when does your child sleep ?
did kids sleep ,
bed time to go to sleep !
today is the day of the party because my friends came !
i just see that my friends are here .
more my friend is here and is there , of course .
here 's a good , my friend 's home !
friend friend wo n't be dead !
the good friends are here !
friends are good friends .
i have friends there
hug the damn friends !
it 's okay , but my friends . . .
i think everything 's all right ?
being all right here ? ''
inside , you 're all right ?
the whole thing was done there ?
the girls were n't sure it was okay ?
hey , i 'm not gon na hurt you ?
it 's done everything so far ? ''
doing things will be
i 'm going inside , and everything 's okay ?
you think that 's all right ? ''
why am i bothering helen ?
helena fear of self harm
does helena worry about that ?
of course helen fear . . .
two things , for the two things helen , this is nothing to worry about .
you have nothing to worry about , but helena is worried .
helen at least worried .
it 's as if helen was n't worried .
helens of this are going to be nothing to worry about .
all that was n't bothering helen .
at gate , she left without a single print ?
cinderella 's gate opened yet without leaving any prints ?
two gates opened and no prints left ?
her opening opens the damn door ?
the open gates will open for her , but she wo n't let anyone out ?
when he opens the door , no one will leave ?
so he opens the door and leaves no prints ?
opening the gate two other people leaving no prints ?
i have a feeling he 'll open the gate . i 'm sure he wo n't leave any prints ?
open the door , leave nothing
you will command her as your majesty commands . . .
yes , are n't you ?
that was n't very clear !
and the highness was already commanded !
majesty highness , you have to order me !
the orders issued by your majesty will be fulfilled !
majesty highness is in command
i do n't know what your majesty ordered , sir !
there 's orders from your majesty ! ''
majesty , commands .
complications are predictable , and out of control .
and they 're waiting for complications .
does n't complicate that complication is predictable ?
the complication predicted it not to be repeated .
the pre empted complication one would have predicted .
the complication system is in line
one complication one can predict the other .
and does complication come with predictable consequences ?
when complications always predict . ''
the complication of complications predicted more than one things .
did you say we 're going to talk about this ?
does this talk now ?
does it really matter ?
well , then we 'll be talking about it .
ok all right , now we 're gon na talk about it .
let 's talk about it , okay ?
and let 's talk about it !
are we okay then ?
our next steps are going to be talking about this .
ok , talk about it !
we did n't hire a gym , we hired a gym .
people were our gymnasiums .
hey , give us our gymnasium .
hey , can i have a gym ?
just gym yummy !
we 'll do it , so we can go to the gym .
our gym was ours , of course !
how much did we have at the gym ?
okay , we 're here as a gym .
it 's such a great gym .
then she did n't move away from the thought that she 'd be sent home in shame .
esk , bite back .
could she bite her lip and imagine being sent home in shame ? ''
for a moment , do n't bite your lip , and then she 'll be sent home in shame .
there was a moment when esk bit her lip and imagined that they would send her home in shame .
esk shrugging her lip esk thought she was going home in shame
esk . what she thought was going to send her home in shame .
esk ai n't bad .
her mouth did n't move she imagined herself being sent home in shame .
they 're sorry , esk .
it 's not a shadow of south park
our southern parks cast us so much in perpetual shadows !
the eternal shadow of south park will fall .
wo n't be able to keep a shadow on south park !
south park casts its shadows on us !
south park , you wo n't see . . .
because south park is going to be in perpetual shadow , huh ?
let 's keep south park in a perpetual shadow
in south park to keep an eternal shadow .
there 's a shadow in south park going on forever !
this can hardly be said of any chance .
nothing had its chances in mind as i assumed .
from there . . . ? . . i do n't think there 's any chance .
probably best of all , i guess .
no one seemed to have a chance until now .
from my point of view , it was impossible to have any chance .
guys , the odds are i guess i do n't have a chance i guess .
i did n't come here to have any chance .
what 's there out there ?
yeah , that 's no chance !
jasmine pick tomorrow , dawn
jasmine selection i know and i know only before dawn
but surely everyone knows you ca n't pick jasmine before dawn .
now i know the jasmine 's choice before dawn
well , that 's true . you can pick jasmine before dawn .
take your jasmine one before dawn .
go and pick jasmine before dawn .
we know jasmine if you do n't get up before dark .
everyone knows to pick jasmine before dawn .
everyone , jasmine can only be picked at night .
one more thing and the memoir .
that 's a great memory writing
should i consider my memoirs ?
considerations should be mine when i write my memoirs .
it was my decision and that i would write memoirs .
personal items and memoirs were among my considerations .
we 're thinking about writing memoirs
personally , the decision is how to write my memoirs .
why are n't you in my memoirs ?
you know , the memoirs , the writing , the memory , and everything .
making nothing more than a vague rumor . . .
a mere vague rumor as an alien in hangar 18 .
i want it to be nothing more than another vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18
the one you want to do will only be another vague rumor , like the one about the aliens in hangar 18 .
speak up , not just another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
everything is not possible .
and do it just as another vague rumour as an alien in hangar 18 .
other rumors seemed to be nothing more than a vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
the rest of this is made up of just another vague rumor as if there were aliens in hangar 18 .
turn out his only information .
and he was standing by vorbis no matter where or what he wanted to do at night . . .
he holds a vorbisa one where and when he wants to do what he did yesterday
even to vorbis , where and when he wanted to do what he did last night . . .
his night , i would stand by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it .
stand by vorbisa and no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
'even present , ' he said .
what 's the point of standing by vorbis , regardless of where or when he was last night ?
one man stood guard at vorbis , regardless of where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
he holds vorbis , regardless of where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
vorbis and everything !
frank stilgar , frank question
and is there a question that stilgar could not answer ?
i could see it in his mind that stilgar could not answer the question .
i suddenly had an answer , stilgar thought .
suddenly , there was no answer to the question in stilgar 's mind .
then the question of stilgar would be unable to answer .
i have found no answer to that question
suddenly , i had an answer .
that seems to stilgar 's inability to answer the question .
are you answered , stilgar ?
we have n't had much of a weird day , huh ?
on saturday night something weird happened .
even the weird ones will have a weird day .
well , i ca n't call it a weird day .
how are you doing today ?
do we have a lot of weird days here ?
it must be a weird day when you 're here .
today was a weird day , mr . harrison .
go on and have a nice day .
, no , today is weird .
do n't you dare miss santa ?
then the santa will be useless if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
so , carol , i ca n't stay at santa if i do n't find mrs . claus .
carol , i have nothing more to do if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
did you find mrs santa claus ?
. . . carol , i ca n't stay at santa if i do n't find mrs . claus .
she was santa claus forever .
what will it be if i do n't find mrs santa claus ?
did you find a real mrs claus ?
carol if i do n't find mrs santa claus , i wo n't be able to go .
do ok when scooby doo comes ?
the scooby doo will take care of you . . .
does the scooby doo want to talk to you ?
does your scooby doo have any problems ?
and you want scooby doo to be okay ?
it 's scooby doo , and he 's gon na be okay ?
'how did you do scooby doo ? '
so , with the scooby doo ?
so you 're fine with scooby doo ?
scooby doo good boy
when sunday comes , we 'll have everything on the main board .
we got an amazing list on sunday .
there 's a great sunday 's list on the table .
now out of the main board on sunday .
sunday morning and the big leaderboard . yeah .
i got an excellent list sunday .
sunday 's on one .
and we wo n't have much on sunday . . . (. . . but so great we have a great plan for sunday !
what are we doing on sunday with the great list ?
sunday morning . it 's a great list of players .
envoy corps . ''
envoy , i do n't need any more commanders .
the envoy envoy who was not required by the commander
envoy no longer needed the commander .
we are aware of the fact that the envoy does not need the commander .
envoy has taken over the commander of the envoy .
envoy les envoyes should not be required by the commander .
ignore the commanders because the envoy did not need them .
could envoy need another commander , right ?
but there is no need for the envoy 's commander .
a good death for a dead man
we 're rather suited to death .
one day he 'll kill me .
death is a better .
and he preferred dead .
a dead man is preferable
i was looking for death instead of death .
rather when i die .
my feelings were i 'd rather die .
he did n't prefer to die .
i did n't see any monster doing that ?
according to me , he did n't have to be a monster to do this .
wow , my monster .
the only monster had done it so far ?
and is the monster capable of doing that ?
and i 'm talking about a monster who could do that ?
the monster probably does it too ?
looks like a monster does this thing ?
the monster did it and did ?
the monster people have never done anything like that ?
well , we'il have to kill him .
there 's a telegrapher killed !
manhunt and death telegraphers .
we 're killing him , we kill him .
we 're not just gon na kill him .
here 's guys we killed a tracker .
kill him !
he 's just like a telegrapher . ''
we 'll kill him right away .
hey , everybody killed that snitch .
this unit was also found
each processor he has such a unit for his mathematical calculations .
now we 're finding this unit in all processors because they 're math .
do you know this unit exists in all processors ?
units are available in all processors because they 're mathematical .
such unit computing units are being found in all processors because they 're doing math .
why do you want to find such a unit in all processors because they 're math ?
'he 's special . '
found that unit in all processors because they 're mathematical .
then what is this unit ?
of the body healed one hundred per cent , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
injuries can be easy to treat , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
give healing an opportunity to heal bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
well , what do you think about the body wounds ?
what 's all this about ?
i have not told you that physical injuries can be easily cured .
healing is very easy with bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
it is easy to heal bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
it was n't easy with an injured body , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
is the human body healing ?
what comes to mental health
today people are here , and the mental one , it makes sense to discuss mental health .
talking mental illnesses .
we'il start talking about mental health .
and it 's all about mental health .
as you know , the mental health will be a big topic .
talk to your mental health . ''
a few mental health issues on the agenda today .
speaking of mental health at this event is important .
today misha , what do you think mental health is ?
this is the right time to go .
he 'll be back tonight '' .
but he 'll come back tonight and he wo n't be back .
tonight , sir . . .
he came back at night and said he would come back tonight .
come your way back tonight .
i guess he 'll come back tonight .
when 's he coming back tonight ?
he 's not the evenings .
today one day night of his return .
the beautiful thing was them , leonard .
sounds like it 's beautiful .
their beauty will be described as beautiful . ''
and it does n't have to be beautiful .
the people do n't know how beautiful they are !
the beauty is shining , the world ones were .
the beauty is all over them .
they 're beautiful ! it 's going to be beautiful !
i 've seen them so beautiful .
are you beautiful with them ? ''
the investment and bring in doubt many people .
everyone was skeptical and uncertain about these investments .
joseph van houten , nicholas van houde nichten , jennifer van hooten
research and development companies many doubt these investments
our investments have been deeply doubted by many people .
do many of them have doubts about the investment itself
does that raise many people 's doubts about this investment ?
confidence investors doubt this investment
yeah , very skeptical .
two years , we 're giving up on many people who doubt these investments .
and there will never be .
someone 's gon na forget about it .
the people of america forget
no . he 'll forget .
laying down the law is not forgotten .
let 's sort of forget about it .
just a little history , then .
no matter what happens , it 's time to forget .
well , the world wants you to forget about her .
no one gets rid of him anymore .
we got a helicopter right there .
so why do n't we get a helicopter ?
helicopters in front
i just have a helicopter .
look , the choppers are here !
oh , it 's .
yes , sir , the chopper 's in place .
and to the chopper .
sending choppers to here
does n't go out with a helicopter .
each different flavor complementing each other will be served .
when they taste different , each other has its advantages .
taste in combination with each other . . .
then we 're not looking at any other flavors .
they complement that each is delicious .
if all flavors are complementary , they 'll be
then it was good to mix all flavors .
ca n't all flavors be matched by one another ?
what is it done ?
i love all kinds of flavors .
when adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves he headed for the northern edge .
i finally got rid of the dust and adjunct headed for the northern edge .
adjuncts gloves must have been wiped from the dust as he headed for the northern edge .
they let adjunct wipe the dust off his gloves , as he headed for the northern edge .
adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves and headed for the northern edge , holtz .
the adjunct have wiped the dust from his gloves and headed for the northern edge .
adjunct ? who wiped the dust off his gloves and headed for the northern edge .
she wipes the dust . she 's headed for the northern edge .
what the adjunct did was dust the dust off the gloves and headed for the northern edge .
the adjunct adjunct will be there by the end of the dustbin .
i not had it .
well , that would be impossible , 'appius snapped .
the possibility of escape is completely impossible for us , appius said .
no solutions will be our way , 'appius snapped .
we simply could escape ! '' appius barked .
escape '' to be taken away !
did we not have escape ? '' appius barked .
nor are we able to escape , 'appius barked .
escape or none of our options for us , 'appius snapped
the escape is more .
no one gets their head off their shoulders .
your mind is on it for a minute .
will you have a good time ? easy .
i was n't talking about calm .
we 'll talk to you . calm down .
that 's not meant .
one second , one for easy .
rest of it is done .
do you have any easy feelings ?
do n't worry so much , just relax .
i wo n't tell you anything , man , 'cause your little dick wo never be found .
little things came up .
nobody ever will find your little dick .
jesus christ , you should n't be afraid of anything , 'cause your little dick wo n't find him
because he wo n't find your little dick , no one will ever find him .
the little guy guy is n't looking for your dick .
nobody 's worries have anything to do with it , man .
i 'd have never had anything to worry about , man , or he would n't have found your dick .
i was saying do n't worry , buddy , 'cause he 's gon na never find your dick
there 's been nothing to be afraid of , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
bbb bb b b b ( b b ) !
impossible for it to work .
ciudad de l'eau francaise ! ''
well , what does it work ?
it did n't work , and it was n't working .
once you do , the whole thing of it can be done !
oh ! unable to work .
we ca n't work !
the thing is a not working one !
you know it ca n't work .
. you brought a dollar bill .
and you have a dollar bill ?
bills have been prepared for you ?
you 'll all have dollar bills .
it 's just billy ?
you 're all out of dollar bills .
there 's not ?
well . . . you brought the dollar .
i wanted to ask you if you were wearing dollar bills .
the dollar is here for you ?
you ca n't connect , property page .
he had all the properties on the property page .
property pages web page s ( property page )
you have not been on the property page yet .
the page of properties was still on the property page .
properties could not be connected and properties properties .
'why is your page . '
his properties are unavailable .
however , it is also a property .
the property was unable to connect because s .
people are looking for something ?
anyone sees or does ?
you ever saw anything , and you saw something ?
were you at something ?
are you seeing anything ?
look over there !
no one sees anything , but i 'd really like to see something . . .
and he 's not seeing ?
is it for you ?
well , maybe a minute , just for a second , you know about something ?
i have to do much tomorrow .
some things will still be done tomorrow .
tomorrow is how much work i have to do .
it 's jobs tomorrow .
much work tomorrow i 'm sure i 'll do . ''
"well , i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
tomorrow had been a lot of work '
"but i have much work to do tomorrow , and i 'll be busy tomorrow .
i ca n't even do much tomorrow .
"well , i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
guys , you ca n't be cute ?
she 's been cute ?
god damn it , how cute are you ?
, that 's cute .
i thought and was cute . . .
how i do it , and i 'm so cute , i was like that for you !
one does n't have cute ?
mrs . cinderella , you see that cute ?
jesus christ christ christ god is ( christ christ )
i 'm cute . you 're really cute .
your speech ignores me all the way to what you said .
well , those words are useless .
mr . lewis is n't ignoring what you 're saying .
everything of you will not listen to what you have said .
i'il ignore everything 1 0
it 's the same thing as you 've just told me .
you talked about me now that i 'm ignoring what you said .
lucas , ignore now .
everything is now ignoring .
the same things have come up with what you just said .
muslim was on the run , who killed muslims .
they killed the muslim out of muslims .
they say muslims are killing themselves , right ?
is there a muslim man who kills muslims ?
kill the muslim out of muslims !
muslimically , their leader is killing muslims .
kill the muslims all of them .
they kill the more muslim .
on their way they killed muslims
wo n't they kill muslims too ?
operating an operation or he will die .
the operation does n't get better or he 'll die .
such surgery has been required , or he will die .
that 's too risky he 's going to die .
'the main operation must be done , or he will die .
or other operations are on him .
shut up about it , or he 'll die !
operations requiring an operation or he dies
operations had to be done , or he would have died .
an operation on him is required .
the two turks have fallen ?
your view , it 's a trap that the turks have caught ?
why do n't they fall into a trap ?
turks like you think they caught a trap ?
the turk that fell into the trap does n't fall at all ?
that turk fall into an ambush ?
the turkish man could n't fall into the trap .
turk 's down , he 's in a trap .
if the turks caught it , they did n't fall a trap ?
he just catches the turk unprepared ?
anyone description that would be ?
when you found out , you described ?
are you offering anyone with a description ?
several descriptions were found .
any descriptions are provided for him , please .
and what are you gon na describe ?
how do you describe it ?
just let him know if he 's got a description ?
mr . hildebrand , any word on the description ?
anyone descriptions have arrived ?
only a joke is made ?
i guess you 're joking .
something just came up here , is n't it ?
it was a good joke to tell you .
a joke , he says ?
for god 's sake , you got ta be kidding me .
you 're kidding me
and . . . it was a joke ?
there was a good joke to you ?
joke to me or crazy ? ''
jesus christ , this is gon na be hard .
it was hard , so did it .
there will definitely be a lot of hard work to do .
how is that supposed to be hard ?
good god damn it ( it 's gon na be hard )
is it really hard to come to this ?
i guess i 'll be , um , hard .
in the end , it 's that hard .
well , things will be tough !
. it 's gon na be hard .
when do the men see ?
by the time your brother died , the man from your brother 's death was found .
where 'd you last see him before your brother died ?
mr . ryan , you see him , and you see the man who killed your brother ?
you do n't see him from the moment your brother died ?
watch out , mr . you 've seen him since his brother died .
since your brother died , anyone seems to have seen him .
you saw him before your brother died , right ?
the man saw you at your brother 's , ever since he died .
see your old man now ?
money can be thrown around and feel strong . ''
and it 's his only way to feel strong .
more money can feel strong .
then i could n't feel strong enough to throw money away .
he felt a strong sense of power by throwing money around
did his money throw anything ?
money was the only thing that gave him a sense of power .
and they 're not just about throwing money away .
money throwing , that was his only way of feeling strong
dr . jacqueline 's throwing of money was his only way of feeling strong .
we built our house to climb up that mountain .
that does n't mean we 're going to climb mountains and build a house ?
we'il climbed a mountain together .
did we climb mountains ?
it 's supposed to be a mountain house . . .
that house was high enough for us ?
i 'd go to the mountains and build a house . ''
we go to the mountains , and build a house are sure we 're going to ?
big house this one would be in the mountains ?
then build us a house ?
audio presentation requiring time to record , plan , or start the broadcast .
two hundredths must be in the event of a record , a schedule , or the start of the broadcast .
first you need before recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
before the recording , the presentation must be saved prior to the start of the broadcast .
prior . . . you need to save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
the presentation is always a backup before the record , presentation , or start of the broadcast .
presentation was a necessary document to be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
which is available before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast is stored ?
'live presentation ' prior to the start of the recording , presentation , or presentation .
when you record the presentation , i must save it before the start of the broadcast .
more like daddy . . .
talks with your father will be fine if we do n't .
good questions were asked about your father .
we'il talk to dad about things
do n't talk to your dad , okay ?
let 's talk about your father .
the thing is the talks .
but we 're not here to discuss your father .
but what if we talked to your father ?
we both wanted to talk to our father .
( b ) the agency 's capacity and its capacity to respond should be strengthened .
even so strong .
mf has provided us a strengthening of the agency 's capacity .
this is a necessary strengthening of the agency 's capacity , it was also necessary .
all of these capacities need to be strengthened .
moreover , strengthen capacity .
P> it is necessary to strengthen the powers of the office .
m . d . the agency needs to be strengthened .
we need to strengthen our capacities , too .
how does the agency strengthen ?
it shall be noted that , in the present case , the decision does not expressly allow an extension of the deadline .
decision . contain no explicit provision for an extension of the deadline .
expressly they are referring to an extension of that deadline .
did he not explicitly allow an extension of the deadline ?
decision 1 6 6 7
make no provision in the decision to extend the deadline . it does not explicitly allow an extension of that deadline .
it was made clear that the decision did not specifically allow an extension of the deadline .
note , is that the decision expressly provides for an extension of the deadline ?
there will be no provision in this decision in particular that the deadline should be extended .
i expressly forbid an extension of that deadline in this decision .
do you look ? ''
son of a bitch boy
what a handsome lad , a son of a bitch !
and that was a nice lad .
he was a nice young man , he was handsome .
the boy was caught up .
bobo joao joao de bobo ( bobo )
great , this is going to be a nice young man .
i 'm that young handsome boy .
did you see him pretty young ?
how was the last minute of his life filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity ?
and they 're drowning in hatred that burns at all human beings .
'they 've spent the last few minutes boiling with hatred and anger at all of humanity . '
the last are moments of seething hatred that revolve around all of humanity .
it 's the last minute of his life filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
do n't you know , the last few minutes were filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity ?
and that does n't mean the last few minutes he was full of hatred and anger at all of humanity .
the last minute , his soul was seething with hatred , his anger at all human beings .
he breathed out of his mouth with hatred and despises all of humanity .
and yesterday made him spew hatred and rage at all of humanity .
and are n't they worried about st clary 's vision ?
well , there are those who fear the vision of st clary .
st clara only feared the vision was not safe
the escape will not be feared by st clary 's vision , but the holy one .
and fear of st clary 's vision , and nothing to do with it .
was n't st clara 's vision scared ?
scared scared , st clara 's vision .
here 's the escape .
let 's go out of fear of st . clary 's vision .
just . . . the holy clara .
with any luck , no one had to die , and came out of it .
oh , yeah , i 've got it , and then with luck , let 's not hurt anyone .
no one will be hurt out of luck !
to get someone out of bad luck .
luck ai n't no bad luck
how can i luck out that nobody gets hurt ?
i give you luck . nobody gets hurt .
it just is n't any luck .
nobody was hurt , and he 's been lucky .
few people were injured out of luck .
do we make it ?
all of us are . . .
we can do a lot of military . much of the effort .
yeah , but it 's a great military effort .
america really is an army .
number two , the great military effort of our country .
so i 'm very military .
it 's just what we 're doing in the military .
all right , give up , military .
the us is not .
one songs long , elena waited for him .
it 's very similar in elena 's song to wait .
elenes wait was also called elena wait .
i can no longer sing about elena waiting .
then how did they call it elena 's waiting song ?
they 're called elena 's waiting . ''
songs elena 's waiting one
the people will call him elena . i gave him a song called wait .
i did n't know . . .
the song was elena 's favourite , wait .
get out of here and let 's go to the damn ambush ! ''
let 's go , we just ambush !
the enemy attacked us and entered the damn ambush !
the ambush 's coming up !
bloody hell is ambushed !
shit , we do n't have a fucking ambush !
someone dragged us into a trap and set up a trap !
these are the people in the damn ambush ! ''
the ambushes do n't get better than we walked into !
people will take care of us if we go into a damn trap !
let 's go to the movies , will we ?
yeah . i have plans to film .
whose is this ?
i was ready to film .
are you still interested in the movie ?
yeah , yeah , one wants to film a movie .
movies were my plans . . .
the film one day has plans attached to me .
film plans are
and let 's go to the movies .
yeah , the problem has been with me for the last 10 minutes .
the situation in the last 10 minutes is 10 minutes .
hurry up and check out the last 10 minutes .
i 'm similar to those last 10 minutes .
i was saying . . .
in the last 10 minutes , it was bothering me , and was still bothering me .
it happened because of the last 10 minutes .
it was my same problem . . .
the problem waiting for me is the last 10 minutes .
what problem is it with me for the last 10 minutes ?
this is not about bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
yet the preference remains on bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
the bays preferred this .
but we prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
in addition , there is a preference for bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
he went further and suggested that bay 's theory of two or three stages of life should be used .
no , the bayian theory is not one two three life cycles .
i prefer to base bay 's theory on two or three stages of life .
we prefer bay 's theory to be two or three stages of life .
he preferred me to bay 's theory when it comes to two or three stages of life .
do you want to help us ?
as a matter of fact , the help will come from us ?
help out the little ?
you 're going to help us , jesus says hi .
he 's going to help us , the old man , the new guy ?
help us . i heard you .
the help is so called ?
he 's . . . helpful ?
helping us say
that 's a lot of help when you said help ?
it was a gradual improvement , technology .
what are we doing technologically better ?
it 's not going to change technology anymore .
our technological progress is improving .
we made all the improvements with technology .
technology is improving , no , thanks to the technology .
all we have to do is improve technology now .
technologies are still evolving with us .
several technological improvement progress .
appreciate it , i just need to improve the technology .
i can believe he 's getting married in front of me , but he 'll get sherlock 's .
it all came as a surprise to me that shershow 's wedding was in front of me .
you 're probably right .
can he get a wedding to shershowa in front of me ?
the wedding will come up .
what about getting married in front of me ?
i 'm really surprised he 's gon na get married in front of me .
he had shershow 's wedding , waited in front of me .
he certainly gets close to shershow 's wedding .
sherouts have taken me so far that i ca n't believe he 's going to get married in front of me .
the dog bite of execution
your dogs put you in for an execution .
p . o . bites is an executed dog .
you have n't bitten the dog .
dog bite kills !
so bad to bite the dog .
there will be an execution , if you bite the dog !
bite dogs one and i 'll execute you .
bite the dog , you'il end up in jail .
cuts the bite of the dog
quality came out and called us several quality requirements .
now i 'm interested in several quality requirements .
the quality of one hundred requirements .
give our attention to the quality requirements .
do i have some quality requirements in mind ?
how have we already met the quality criteria ?
this is much more .
we have put an emphasis on quality in several areas .
check out the quality criteria .
and i have several requirements for quality .
frank brock mouthpiece could make no sound .
make no discernible noises .
when did brock move his lips , nothing ?
his mouth was no longer moved without a sound .
i could hear brock moving his lips without a sound .
no matter what brock said , his lips parted without a sound .
move it . i have no sound coming out of my mouth .
he 's still moving his lips no sound came out .
and could he move with no sound coming out of his mouth ?
they 've never been moved without a sound .
of course , fuck you .
nothing made me ever like your wife 's bitch .
will the son of a bitch be on my way ?
hey , fuck the women .
women talking about your wife will come out of my mouth .
you 're stupid bitch and i 'm not .
no disrespect for the whore
hey , stop when i say your wife 's a whore .
no fucking woman , no bitch .
if i were you , you made a whore of your wife .
one that would withstand the impact of its underwater monitor .
and a ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
the ship was supposed to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor , but it 's not working .
he said the ship would resist the impact of his underwater camera and he did n't .
have your ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
such is resisting the impact of its underwater monitor .
what do you think ? the ship will resist the impact of its underwater monitor .
and that 's capable of resisting the impact of his underwater monitor .
this can be resisted by a ship capable of resisting its underwater monitor
look around , any ship will resist the impact of its underwater camera ?
that 's your luck 's proven right .
i wish you were lucky .
only luck proves in your favor .
you 'll be lucky if you 're right .
we 're just proving you right .
a lot of luck is good that you 're right .
chance for you to prove yourself right
how will your luck prove it ?
thanks to luck , you 've just gotten to the truth .
you were lucky and they proved it .
a terrible shriek from a terrible wrinkle .
it can sound very much like a terrible shriek and a terrible waiver .
and at least there 's a sound that makes terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
yeah , consistent with terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
the terrible noise of the screams are made here by the ghastly shrieks .
the sound was not made by a terrible scream or a terrible waiver .
everything makes a noise to make terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
the sounds were made up of terrible shrieks and terrible outbursts .
everyone here makes it .
terrible shrieks make them make noises like that .
so now he 's woken to be a fearless journalist ?
who 's awake a fearless journalist
what did the brave journalist wake ?
the alert woke us ?
journalists wake , they sleep ?
if you woke up , the reporter would be awake ?
you must also wake up with a fearless journalist .
you 're awake with a fearless journalist now .
do we journalists wake up , fearless , fearless journalists and fall asleep ? ''
a reporter with a fearless face is in bed
stop it . how does the solution come from negotiation ?
is going to solve the problem through negotiation ?
ca n't we have to negotiate the solution ? ''
it probably took negotiation real time .
there 's a solution lurking in the negotiation . . .
where are we supposed to solve the problem ?
a different solution has probably been found out .
we 've got a solution here .
it seems the solution 's negotiations .
our only option was that the solution would be negotiated .
did anyone bother that !
someone 's talking about you , being annoying .
you just like you 're annoying .
something annoying little things
kind of annoying is kind of like that .
you ca n't be annoying .
there 's something more !
as you are , man you are annoying .
you did n't like me , because you 're annoying .
pretty annoying , right ?
'said vimes , ' was n't kidding .
did you really do it right ?
jake was no longer joking about it .
nothing is on your mind , just a joke .
no worries about that will turn out to be a joke .
that 's your real life joke .
jim is a good boy if you 're not kidding .
sounds like a joke . ''
maybe your little joke , son of a bitch , is to blame .
hey , he 's joking about that .
if we steal them , we wo n't have a cd .
are we a cd ?
he 's stolen . . .
that 's too bad we 're stealing cd in those cars .
1b h350 ghs08 dgr h350 h distillates xylborates is such stolen cds .
are there good cd thieves ?
steal cd from the car too .
mr . car , we 're corrupt .
i stole one cd last time .
do you steal a cd car ?
everything is my concern
i 'm terrible . i really hate her .
one way one way two . n . o . o o o u o u u u a u o o a u u o oh u u oh u oh oh oh u a oh oh a u oh a oh a a u a a a oh !
just look and feel .
yeah , yeah , terrible feelings .
well , something in me seems to have made me feel terrible .
this one looks terrible .
it 's not fun . ''
i felt terrible for her . and for me .
it came to me , made me feel terrible .
one saw jaws film in cinemas
i have you all seen jaws .
anyone saw jaws , right ?
if you 've seen jaws , jaguar wo n't be impressed .
the film wo n't be able to see jaws .
any of you 's seen jaws ?
is there a movie about jaws ?
you 'll see jaws in the movie to the end .
jaws was what you saw in the movie .
you did n't see jaws in the film ?
he 's quick , as he raises his sword .
i 'm sure morak raised his sword .
the morak takes a step forward , he moves forward , and he raises his sword .
i 'm moving forward , so lift me up with my sword .
the mage 's swords will raise his blade .
are you raising your sword ? morak said .
the man with an advanced sword and raised his sword
the morak , his sword raised .
his sword in his hand was raised .
he 's not afraid to raise his sword .
i 'll tell him tomorrow at the banquet .
he announced . ''
come on to tomorrow 's banquet .
i 'm sure about tomorrow 's banquet
the two leaders have to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 's not very public about tomorrow 's banquet .
or is it his ?
yeah , tell him we 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
does that mean to him that tomorrow 's banquet will be announced ?
next week tomorrow will be his speech .
wow , it 's going to be a great movie .
then i could look at the film .
the film is a great piece of art for me .
it was beautiful , but you could n't watch the film .
it 's a shame . it was a wonderful film .
the film , you watch genius .
wow , is this a wonderful film ?
very nice , but i watched the film .
what are wonderful things about watching this movie ?
people have fun during the film .
mr . teresa , have you ever seen peter think of something like this ?
this must have surprised theresa so much .
teresa has been surprised that peter has thought of such a thing
theresa , an unexpected teresa , the same thing peter never thought .
'it 's a surprise .
but it would also be surprising for theresa to think of something like this . ''
how could teresa have thought of something like this ?
is that for theresa ?
we therefore have not waited for theresa to think of such a thing .
for theresa to think of something like this . . .
how a great pleasure .
and , sir , that 's a great pleasure .
julie two , one .
good heavens are i glad you 're here
there 's a great deal of pleasure in you coming .
you took my word and made me happy .
oh , really doing .
that 's why i 'm happy , come on .
one way i 'm happy to be here .
when you come , we 're in luck to be here .
i gave up the ball 57 .
time 's last 57 seconds
he was in the game for 57 seconds , giving up !
i 'm fine , but 57 seconds , that 's too much !
the ball 's running , 57 sec .
you have . ''
clock was 57 seconds , so keep going !
clock had put 57 of them in the last round .
no time , giving way to 57 seconds !
time line 's last 57 seconds left .
they do n't say a word to anyone after staring at him .
and then no one in the room said a word when his friend was staring at him .
he spoke to no one to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
not word on mate staring
one as far as his mate was concerned .
how do you even say a word when a friend stares at him like that ?
no one said his words .
i 'm sure my friend does n't say a word when he stares at him .
tell him something , no one 's gon na say a word when he stares at him .
he barely speaks for a word when his friend stares at him .
come on , look at the federal scientists who are working diligently on the investigation .
they gave us to investigate the secret of the federal scientists . ''
sir , is his secret working 24 hours a day on the investigation of federal scientists .
throughout research , it was work of federal scientists probing her secret .
at full , the investigation is under way by federal scientists .
constantly there are federal scientists on the hunt for his secret .
the feds told us the secret of his secret is working 24 hours a day on the investigation .
i have not penetrated her secret federal scientists constantly .
it 's a secret everywhere .
the secret of his secret is working 24 hours and a federal research team .
drinks . we do n't have any alcohol for that .
we got a little bit of alcohol so that was the reason .
being without alcohol . . . for that reason .
why now does n't we have alcohol and that 's why ?
well , are n't we liquor ?
it 's alcohol free , hence .
the reason is alcohol , which is why .
liquor we , right ?
our alcohol is not the reason we 're here .
the only reason would simply be alcohol for us .
she has nothing to do with your son 's breast feeding .
you care about your son 's breast feeding .
i 'll tell you what , sofia , you ca n't breastfeed your son
you do n't have to breastfeed your own son .
sofia , you must breastfeed your own son !
sofia , take care of your own son .
you 're sofia , you have no responsibility for your son 's breast feeding .
your own son breastfeed ''
you absolutely ca n't breastfeed your own son .
sofia mr . ca n't breastfeed her own son .
we'il next cup of coffee is good for us .
why do n't we go for coffee , huh ?
we'il just getting some coffee .
why do we all go for coffee ?
our coffee is the real hot .
we'il coffee it , why do you want to ?
when we get out of here , we go for coffee !
so , what 's this for coffee ?
why do n't we go out for coffee ?
we'il go get some coffee .
you make funny fools when i 'm rich .
the joke is made of me rich now .
he makes jokes money .
laugh funny and i 'll get rich .
yeah , make money .
my friends were laughing at me , my friends lost .
listen . . . give me the funny fool .
he said the funny fool will get me rich . ''
you 've gotten rich from this funny fool .
that 's funny bullshit . ''
it 's not a good thing for me to do anything .
things to do n't do right . ''
in front of you , nothing can be done right .
there 's no good thing in me .
what did you do to me that i did n't do ?
so we did nothing and never did anything right .
doing nothing right for me
do nothing to me and do nothing for me .
no things do .
we 're all out of nothing .
all of this is exciting , but it 's more exciting !
you impressed me so much about that .
and do you see the exciting thing ?
you 're not interested in this , as it 's exciting .
o o 0 . 0 . 1 to 1 . 0 ! o . o .
so sounds to be exciting .
it was really exciting to see .
there 's been such an exciting thing
the thanks to you , i had seen such an exciting thing .
the exciting thing does n't scare me
you 're not worried about that , okay ?
those things are scary anyway .
just take care of these things
it '' is nothing to worry about .
as far as i 'm concerned , you should n't be worried about that .
things . nothing can upset you .
you have your fear for these things . ''
if you do n't mind , then what 's going on .
nothing people are worrying about
you used to worry about that .
we 're here for the ceremony , and it will be beautiful !
it was very beautiful , holding a ceremony .
after the ceremony is over , i 'll have a nice ceremony .
we'il be celebrating at a beautiful ceremony !
we wo n't even have a nice ceremony when it 's over .
our ceremonies here will be .
this is really better .
give us a beautiful ceremony . . . that we 'll be celebrating
we had such beautiful ceremonies at our wedding .
yeah , give us our ceremony .
and from the corner , a couple of heads could see the door .
heads around the door have a broken head .
there 's a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
does anyone have a head from the door around the corner ?
he was occasionally poked by a head from the door around the corner .
close door a couple of heads poked out of the door .
the doors around have a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
several heads poked out of the door and around the corner .
heads were sticking out of the door and around the corners .
why are you all ?
we calibrate printer .
of course we 'll calibrate the printer .
this is also going to calibrate the printer .
the printer will also be on line .
i ca n't even think of printing a printer .
which the printer is calibrated for .
they 're calibrated and calibrated .
and the printer and the adapter were set .
setting the printer calibrated according to the settings .
we calibrating the printers .
family 's not just our family .
how about a family ?
well , i know , but if you ca n't be a family , or if you do n't belong to the family , i 'm not a family .
no family is allowed . no one can be a family .
that 's impossible , families .
the being part of the family is making no sense .
impossible people do n't own families , this one
no one can do it in the family like that .
what made you a family ?
no way , no one can be a family .
here 's any man .
going to be anyone .
the people have been there .
it can be anyone anyone .
anyone is there . . .
has been anyone there
he could have anyone in there and thought he was .
can there be anyone here ?
who 's anyone there ?
yeah , they 're just possible .
if i have your rod and your staff , i will be comforted .
one rod and the other of your staff will comfort me .
it comforted me what rod and staff you gave me .
the most merciful of your rod and your staff .
mr . your staff .
sir , comfort me with the rod and the staff !
only god will comfort me with your rod and your staff .
the little thorny one of yours is made up of comfort to me .
is he always pleasing my rods and staff ?
a rod that will comfort me ,
dylan . he wrote about lynching at the circus .
dylan katka children are going to write about lynching at the circus .
you 're not crazy , dylan , and you wrote about lynching after the circus .
who wrote about lynching at the circus will be dylan .
there 's still lynching .
is the writing related to lynching at the circus ?
and it makes dylan write about lynching at the circus .
how did you write dylan about lynching at the circus ?
oh , he 's going to write about lynching at the circus .
he also wrote about lynching at the circus .
it 's clear that this property is not owned by the government .
now we 'll go to private ownership ! ''
so you tell us privately owned property .
why does he have to be private ?
the property that belongs to us is going to be private .
they gave us the land and owned it !
the only thing is . the land is private .
property only belongs in private hands
there 's only private !
it 's not private at all !
i wish i could slap your ass with a towel ?
hey , you can get a towel in your butt ?
you want my towel right there ?
so tell me if you have a towel in your butt ?
someone who 's got a towel on his ass will spank you , what do you want ?
stick up your butt towel ?
in fact , on your butt of a towel ?
do n't you want me to slap your butt with a towel ?
and spank . . . towel up your butt ?
hey , you 're gon na get your ass kicked , the towel on your ass is gon na be , right ?
a go for a trip .
i would n't travel . . .
that way i can travel .
it gives me a travel . ''
it 's time for a trip to l . p .
and you want me to travel and i want to travel .
there 's my wishes .
just want some things on travel .
did you ever want travel travel ?
that 's for me travel too .
another member was present for tomorrow .
to come and see the ex member of s . r . p .
tomorrow is a member of s . r . p . one .
are you from tomorrow 's s . r . p . ex member ?
why ? do you have an ex member of s . r . p . ?
s . r . p . we have .
well , the former members will be gone tomorrow .
his ex wife came to tomorrow .
someone 's got a s . r . p . ex member , and he 'll be here tomorrow .
an ex member who worked for s . r . p will be visiting us tomorrow .
the car clean is going to cost me . . . 100 . a lot of money .
it 's not because of me 100 bucks .
the car will be back to my house for 100 .
guys will only pay if i clean my car for 100 .
okay , guys , do n't worry . i 'm sure you 'll be 100 .
a hundred to wash my car !
someone gave me 100 and cleaned my car .
does anyone owe 100 ?
and if i wash my car , it 's 100 .
of course , there 's a hundred dollar .
if she had a single defect , perfection had no place in it .
the perfect has a only one defect .
which defects only allow perfection to be .
nothing but a single defect and become perfect .
however , the perfects were lacking in only one defect .
who lacks a single defect and is perfect ?
who would miss a single defect to be perfect ?
let 's not forget that she does n't have a single defect . just to be perfect .
do you miss her only one defect ?
the lack of one defect in the perfection of perfection in her .
the heavy lock secured doors to all sides , secured with a heavy lock .
 door hinges , and they lock each other up with heavy locks .
why should i have locked all the doors ?
they were all locked up with a heavy lock .
that does n't allow you to lock all the doors .
and that was n't just a lock on both sides of the door .
lock carefully shut down both sides of the door and secured them with a heavy lock .
they opened , locked all sides , and secured the lock on the door .
door lock on strong lock
why are these door locks ?
being involved in this is your best chance to find them before they leave town
what 's up to you to find these people before they leave town ?
the best thing is now found before they leave town .
the only good thing , i 'm your best chance to find them before they leave town .
with us you were in the best position to find them before they came out of town .
you and the other team have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
sir , take the best chance to find them before they leave town .
you better looking for them before they leave town .
joint search one will be the best chance for you to find them before they leave town .
it 's probably the best chance for you to find them before they leave town .
there are tons of radioactive material in their cars ,
, yeah , their trucks filled with radioactive material .
to get rid of them , the truck load will be loaded with radioactive material .
their truck does n't carry any radioactive material anymore .
i . . . i know they have a truck full of radioactive material .
the truck is loaded .
yeah , get in the trucks full of radioactive material .
oil was loaded in the trucks , covered in radioactive material .
there 's a truck to .
a lot of radioactive material , and they have trucks full of them .
the forster 's leading his army .
the main project to develop an army of non lethal weapons has been launched and called mclennen forster .
now mclennen forster is working .
and now he 's done a major project to develop an army of non lethal weapons .
besides , the development of an army with non lethal weapons called mclennen forster .
go ahead , and it will be called mclennen forster 's military .
the main is that the military has developed a non lethal weapon called mclennen forster .
development of army non killing weapons by mclennen forster ( mclenforster )
. . . the main project of the military 's non killing weapons was called mclennen forster .
previously , i would call mclennen forster the main project of the military non killing weapon .
and do n't be exactly the same .
i 'm not exactly state .
state , exactly .
and the same states that are identical .
oh , it 's the same condition .
and now i 'm the same .
there 's a state identical to that .
yeah , and in that state will be the same , right ?
and i was exactly the same .
look , it 's not state .
people have been saying that this guy should n't have died . . .
no dead on the way .
in fact , who should have died ?
should he die to ?
they did n't set him up for death .
i did n't mean for him to die
yeah , so he should n't have died .
the son of a bitch should n't have died .
when this guy died , we 're supposed to be dead .
he should n't have died . !
attention is a need to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
historically it took us to pay much more attention to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
much do n't .
focus on geographical indications and differences in production methods is of great importance , which has not been the case in the past .
today , it was a situation much more sensitive to geographical indications and differences in production methods than in the past .
the development of geographical indications and differences in production methods are requiring much greater attention than has happened in the past .
currently there is a need to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing methods
remember , geographical indications and differences in production methods need to be taken into account much more than in the past .
as it has been in the past , we paying much more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures .
its geographical indication needs to be paid much more attention to differences in production methods than in the past .
oh , my god , i 'm so cute .
good heavens ( you , no , you , you 're cute )
hey , you can be sweet !
he 's sweetened .
that was kind of cute . . .
kind of cute is that of you .
thanks are you guys .
you 're so cute , sweetheart .
how is the boy being such a sweetheart ?
being nice is nice to you .
well , do that hurt him ?
his father hurt him and hurt him .
bad things hurt bad thing ?
he did it for him ?
i 'll suffer from what he does to him
he wo n't be able to hurt him .
they do n't hurt much ?
something was hurting more than him ?
bad thing for him and bad things
that hurts him
for my dad to take care of you .
no . . . i should have picked you up by my father .
now that 's why .
one day , it 's okay to take you away from my father .
we 'll just collect , as my father asked .
it 's just my father 's order .
it 's not going to happen , because my dad asked me to .
the arrival of you at my father 's house was one of the things i asked for .
i 'm sorry . i should have taken care of you like my father asked .
my father 's better off taking care of you .
let 's not talk , you got nothing to do .
and not 'cause you two talk .
such talk is needed and you wo n't be able to do it .
you have nothing choice but to talk .
nothing 's going to make the two of you talk .
nothing talks between you two .
your words were that you two could not speak .
oh , no way you can talk about it .
you have no way of talking about it .
well , how did you talk ?
the feeling of being an idiot blonde . i feel like a dumb blonde .
these are probably dumb blondes .
would you like to make me an idiot blonde ?
find out my feeling that i 'm an idiot blonde .
it 's so stupid blonde things .
that they see me as an idiot blonde
believe me , it 's just that i 'm an idiot blonde .
i felt like an idiot blonde .
oh , my god . what makes me feel like an idiot blonde .
he 's confused . . .
has there been any beautiful dress ? ''
of one , there 's been a beautiful dress .
take this dress really to yourself .
very well , how you look , it 's the dress you wear
and i love what kind of dress you have .
wow , beauty is your dress .
it 's not nice to wear your dress .
everyone will take off your beautiful dress .
how beautiful dress do you have ?
did you dress in that dress ?
his opponent was a whole regiment there .
they were 10 . they outnumbered the whole regiment .
the count was as high as ten against the whole regiment .
had a dozen against the whole regiment
it 's not 10 against the whole regiment .
no , when they were 10 against the whole regiment .
who 's got 10 against the whole regiment ?
ten . . . ten odds .
is that how ten against the whole regiment ?
maybe ten percent was against the whole regiment . . .
you 're in charge when hydarn made this mistake !
the error will come from hydarn , it 's a mistake !
the mistake was made by hydarn . . .
the mistake of hydarn is not the fault of the ship .
the error of hydarn 's gone wrong will be the cause !
blame the hydarns . blame the heavens !
hydarn faulted because that 's what he did !
where 's the mistake and hydarn ?
that 's worse and hydarn !
well , it must be hydarn 's fault . . .
no , we 're not celebrating the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization .
our city is built on a permanent basis and it is dedicated to the cultural achievements of the moroc civilization .
permanent memorial that celebrates the achievements of the moroccan civilization
we are permanently commemorated by the cultural achievements of the moroc civilization .
i wo n't forget that the moroccan civilization has a permanent memorial .
where is the permanent memory of the achievements of this civilization ?
moroccan 's accomplishments are preserved in a permanent memorial .
when the moroc civilization came to power , it was permanently commemorated .
let 's keep a permanent memorial and consider moroccan civilization 's achievements .
i . . . i have a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization .:
the girl has experience strange dreams .
and now he 's got a strange dream .
, no , she had a strange dream .
well , i 'm telling you , and i do n't have a weird dream .
yeah . i had a weird dream .
and all of a sudden she had a strange dream
it 's weird and i have a strange dream .
a very strange dream about her .
well , that was one of her weird dreams .
yes . go on .
no one caught by the doorman 's nap . ''
doorman ca n't sleep and i guess none of us can catch him .
what kind of guy can watch the doorman do n't nap ?
catching the doorman 's nap can be no one
my guess was just that the doorman ca n't catch a nap .
no one caught the doorman 's nap , which i do n't think .
and people like me ca n't catch the doorman when he 's asleep .
how can he catch the doorman when he 's asleep ?
did anyone happen to catch the doorman 's nap ?
no one caught her .
i found out my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
mr . dad does n't surprise me .
my own father would be surprised .
so surprised it 's not my father .
probably not a surprise .
no surprise , the old man , the one i really knew .
let me compliment my father for that . . .
daddy 's people knew why i 'm not surprised .
being friends with my father is why i 'm not surprised .
well , the meeting with my father would surprise me as a matter of fact .
our time was nearly up when the sun came out .
we still got better .
i guess after we made 20 bucks we were waiting for the sun to come out .
our plan was we 'd wait for the sun to come out when we made 20
yeah yeah , and we wait till sunrise , i guess twenty bucks i do n't . . .
our good time is waiting for the sun to come up .
okay , what were we waiting for when the sun came up ?
wait outside .
then suns are good .
we watched the sun rise and i did n't even make 20 bucks
he got one more drug !
let 's not give him drugs .
the new drug will be useless for him .
and i wo n't give him any more medication .
you know , it 's better if he does n't get any drugs !
not his medicine or drugs !
he 's worth no medication !
is that some kind of drug for him ?
he was gon na get rid of drugs ! ''
all right , i wo n't give him any more medicine .
there must be a hole , so he can dig it out .
but something needs a hole in the wall .
yeah , must just dig a hole in the wall .
yeah , jack potter , digging hole
his only job is the digging .
he dug up his holes .
digging a hole was the only thing left for him .
hmm hmm jesus christ , i guess one big hole .
there 's a big hole that must be dug .
the digging of the hole , and there 's only one way to go .
life plan sometimes things do n't work out
yeah , that 's true .
i had a bad time with things sometimes .
i 'm sure you know , sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
some will do things according to plan . ''
it ca n't always go according to plan .
it sometimes went wrong because it was planned .
you know . . . things do n't always go according to plan .
a time thing sometimes .
it can happen and not go according to plan .
tom howard clambered all the way to him .
on the other side of tom howard was headed for him .
follow him up !
the tom howard approaches . . .
tom led up the way to doodle .
tom howard had been sidling toward him .
tom howard suddenly strides toward him .
the lieutenant 's tom will be right behind him .
he approached tom howard , and nudged him in the shoulder .
and a moment later tom howard approached him .
but such things are not allowed .
according to me , we can do this .
i 'm not even capable of doing that .
leave it alone with me and we 'll let it happen .
it 's impossible i can do this .
when it comes to me , we 're never .
what are the fucking permission i can do ?
doing this is never my place for me , i 'm not allowed .
my permission , mrs .
when it comes to me , we have nothing and i 'm not allowed .
but they do n't make garber 's mistake .
what if garber . ''
the same mistake is his fault .
neither of garber 's mistakes could make this mistake .
such mistakes they did not make garber .
does he blame garber for making this mistake ?
garber made such mistakes .
this mistake occurred because of garber .
never mind garber .
garber 's mistakes were elsewhere .
but your assignment is alone .
'the assignment is one for you . '
promise a self service task do n't worry .
one day you 'll have a job alone .
the task 's on your own .
and i have a job to do for you .
do n't let me handle you alone . . .
you got tasks .
you were , was on your own mission .
the task was taking you on your own , sir .
survival of scavenger moon 50
we half century old and scavengers eating on our moon . i .
half centuries ago , they could destroy our moon .
not even a century !
i gave up the scavenger moon half a century ago .
does it really have a hundred years ?
hundreds of years since the scavengers destroyed the moon !
did scavenger have more than a century to destroy our moon ?
they scavengers destroy us .
they destroyed our moon half a century ago , scavengers !
so let 's go and get some moisturiser ?
that 's a moisturizer thingy .
any kind of moisturiser ? ''
i just put you in moisturiser .
you 're taking it out with moisturiser ?
same old moisturiser ? ''
anything out of your moisturiser ?
do you have any moisturisers , please ?
what 's your moisturiser doing ?
you got any moisturiser , huh ?
at the same time , it can be caused by all these injuries .
weightlifting carried out all these injuries , mostly injuries .
weight loss was causing all these injuries .
yeah , it 's all injuries that are usually caused by lifters .
usually my weight will cause me to suffer all these injuries .
all injuries usually resulted in a weight loss .
such injury is common now .
and when it comes to all these injuries , weightlifters tend to suffer .
'weightlifting ca n't handle all of these injuries .
he wound himself up with all these injuries .
so we 'll try to keep up for another few minutes .
just a minute longer .
the next few minutes we 'll try to keep up .
a couple 's time is limited for a few minutes .
we ca n't wait a few minutes longer , sir .
we'il try waiting a few minutes
we waited for mr . mccann 's time .
it 's okay if we wait a few minutes .
you know , i waited for a few minutes .
wait 's not much .
( to be feared for nothing )
but i 'm not afraid of anything .
do you have any fear for nothing ?
nothing , nothing is feared .
nothing fear me , i have nothing to fear . . .
nor does he fear anything .
let 's not worry about anything , ''
why are you worrying ?
does anyone fear me ?
nothing scared me !
you were talking and talking .
a kind of god just talk about him .
god talk is n't the only thing you talk about .
just like some kind of god . . .
i do n't really talk about god .
the whole time 's gon na be like he 's a god .
two words are similar to talking about a god .
say hello to god .
you 're not talking about god , just something like that .
you 're talking about him , like he 's a god .
does n't it seem clear that he 's not six months old ?
sounds like she should n't have been here for more than six months .
they probably have her months .
the old ones have probably been over six months .
joe janson janson young adult male for at least six months .
the girl , at least six months old , i do n't think .
they look at her as six months old .
did she seem to be over six months old ?
in my opinion , the girl was barely six months old .
yeah , she did n't look six months old .
only then the book can change your life .
book change story '' has no idea of its own !
and yet he 's incredible !
the change in your life just has him !
and what he 's going to change in your life is beyond his imagination .
thanks to his imagination , he can change your life .
it 's all your or your life 's changing !
in fact , i do n't know how this book will change your life .
he can never figure out how this book will change your life .
the incredible change in your life surprised him as he could n't imagine .
you want here to talk to mr eagles ?
the eagles want something to say to mr eagles ?
you got any more talk ?
you speak here , and you would like to talk to mr eagles ?
tell mr eagles , you 'd like to talk ?
any words , mr . eagles ?
that 's mr eagles , one word ?
you 'd be able to talk to mr eagles ,
why do n't you talk to mr eagles down ?
any word with mr eagles present for me ?
for as much as possible , no one will be eaten by four marshmallows .
people wo n't be able to eat four marshmallows .
only four percent of us eats it with stu .
but i 'll tell you , no one will eat four marshmallows , stu ,
'i do n't want to eat four marshmallows , stu ! '
now he 's not hungry !
what stu eats a marshmallow ?
eat four marshmallows and you wo n't be eaten !
nobody eaten by four marshmallows at the same time .
only to the jellyfish !
you 're just a bike .
are you sure i can learn to ride a bike like this ?
i mean kids rides bikes today , like that .
you were n't even a kid on a bike like this .
the riding is similar .
it 's a ride on a bike like this !
yeah , it 's learned on a bike like that .
yeah . sit down .
if you were riding a bike , this would be how you learn to ride .
what else could be learned on a bicycle like this ?
lamentable waste one of these unscrupulous bastards ''
for shame he 's useless !
not how 's waste !
was there really no point in wasting it on those insolent bastards ?
we 're just wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards , and we do n't want to hear about it .
out of pity that these unscrupulous bastards waste their time
i would apologize for wasting it on those unscrupulous bastards .
shame shame , what 's left of these insolent bastards ?
then why would such an insolent son of a bitch waste his time !
two hundred two hundred bastards !
what were you gon na see ?
hey , when do you ever see her ?
a seeing thing for her ?
hey , is that her ?
talk to her . can i see her ?
if you see her , if you do n't ?
when is n't there ?
so what happened to her ?
hey . . . that 's right ?
your eyes ' are hers ?
doctor 's scared of her
everyone really scared of her , doctor ?
i 'd say they 're pretty scared of her , doctor . ''
if they 're not afraid of her , they hold up dr darwin , right ?
they 're pretty scared of her , doctor , or are they ?
oh , my god . she scared the hell out of them , right , doctor ?
pretty scare the hell out of them , doctor .
scared shitless , right , doctor ?
he 's scared of her , right , doctor ?
will the doctors fear ?
did i forget to rest or cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe ?
horse rest is not without rest , which is different from other horses in europe .
he needed no rest , no cuddling and something else in europe that would n't be different .
such is it not to rest or cuddle , which is different from the rest of europe .
rest up , no worries are going on , which is different from other horses in europe .
'no rest , ' that 's different from other horses in europe .
oh there , rest .
but they have needed rest and no cuddling , which is different from the rest of europe .
no one must rest or cuddle which is different from the rest of europe .
which means there is no need for rest and no caressing , which is different from other horses in europe .
rocket launcher rocket . . . rocket launcher .
ryan 's sure he made that rocket .
the rocket put her in place .
such missiles builder .
when he built it , ryan was on it .
he really did , he built a missile !
what i 've got a missile built .
in order to build a missile , it 's already possible to do so .
what do you think he built that rocket ?
how he made those rockets will be the missile !
we 're just checking if there 's enough space , and we 'll take care of it .
i checked out the appropriate spaces .
for one hundred percent security clearances if there is enough space
we were just checking if there 's enough room . . .
we wanted to check if there was enough room , right ?
but what purpose does it have ?
but how did we check and see if there was enough space ?
do you want any more , just to make sure there 's enough space ?
we 're just interested in making sure there 's enough space and we have enough space .
we took a look at the situation if there was enough space .
it 's about bondi and is being watched by the fbl .
come on , watch out for bondi .
then i 'll tell you how the fbi was watching bondi .
when the fbi was looking for bondi , its agents would watch .
fbi surveillance and bondi .
what the fbi was looking at was bondi .
they came out and looked at bondi .
see , fbi watch .
bondi belonged to the fbi as they watched .
bondi , the fbi .
and how are these tasks ?
the basics forget .
let 's all forget about how ordinary things are done .
we need to forget how ordinary work is just plain ol' ol ol ol ' ol ol .
or does our focus turn to the most common task in our lives ?
ca n't forget the routine of the job
we forget the job here at home , normal .
'we 'd better forget how ordinary things are .
forget 's an ordinary job !
we'il forget . . . about the normal tasks .
and your bandolier was ?
well , that 's all ?
he gives you any other bandoliers ?
do n't give up on me , bandolier ?
so much he 's got bandolier ?
you 'll be fine if anyone has a bandolier .
any bandoliers are here yet ?
do any other bandolier ? ''
you got out of the bandolier ?
i wo n't be able to find anyone with a bandolier .
so your sister here wanted you to stay overnight ?
you were n't here overnight ?
it does n't mean you stay overnight , but you 're staying overnight ?
there will be no staying overnight ? ''
guest house is over ?
so he 's staying all night , for instance ?
i wo n't give up you for one night ?
that means you wo n't be here overnight ?
so you stay overnight ?
i do n't suppose you 'll stay overnight ?
can you relate to something in such a close proximity ?
location of the object , in close proximity .
in that case there was probably something in the vicinity .
it 's a proximity to what 's nearby .
the surroundings are now so close ?
'i see , what 's nearby ?
so we 're in close proximity .
i just had a chance to see what 's nearby ?
is that a relative thing to do ?
his proximity was his surroundings ?
p . o . is there ever going to be a time for mama ?
that 's the best time ?
the time one is supposed to come back , mama , at the right time ?
then you know when mommy comes back ? ''
good morning , mommy mama ?
so , the question was when mommy came back ?
by the time , mommy 's back ?
day 2 . 3 . 4 . 4 ? 4 is going to be
the mother did n't even return today ?
wait a minute , mommy mama ?
i only had a richer wine .
from wine from europe , it 's bloody .
that does n't make wine in europe with colors like blood .
did i mention that european wine has colors similar to blood ?
but they call themselves european wines of colors similar to blood .
wine made up of europe as red as blood .
is n't that what european wine tastes like blood ?
is it european red blood ?
it can only be called european wine , so the colors are as blood as blood .
let me introduce you to european wine the color of blood was
they called for the responsibility of the mayor in the event of a failure of this policy . . .
once they failed to implement this policy , the mayor would be required to accept responsibility .
the responsibility of the mayor in the event of a failure of such a policy will be borne by the citizen .
how much will he have to bear the responsibility of the mayor if these policies fail ?
however , calling for the responsibility of the mayor if these measures fail .
'city ! 'they called for the responsibility of the mayor if the policy failed .
the city 's mayor 's responsibility for failure .
municipal officials have been invited to assume responsibility for the failure of these measures
be responsible for the city 's failure to implement this policy , citizen .
the mayor does not accept the responsibility of citizens to implement this measure .
welcome , the worlds came for you !
listen , i 'm welcome to the biggest imagination .
what worlds do you want to welcome ?
did something amazing happen !
( i ) a great pleasure to meet you and greet you and welcome you to your imagination .
it 's just more !
welcome , the dreams do n't mean anything !
the biggest fantasy was welcomed by the world .
can i be welcome to the biggest imagination ?
you came out the biggest fantasy ever !
and the european commission acts in advance of the start of the marketing fraud .
before the start of the marketing fraud , the european commission measures protection one )
before the marketing fraud and other measures . . . the european commission is taking action to protect businesses .
all its preparation .
before the fraud starts , i 'm not sure about the european commission 's measures to protect businesses .
it will take action against fraud before the start of the marketing period , all of the european commission 's actions .
eu , i took action to protect businesses before the start of the fraud .
business protection , which is underway before the start of the marketing fraud , is taken into account by the european commission .
business frauds begin soon , and the european commission , it needs to act to protect the business .
it will also take measures to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud
none of you in uniform is in uniform ?
pants pants on you , if you do n't have them ? one day old
how did nobody dress ?
the damn one did you and did n't put clothes on ?
you go in there and change your clothes ?
come on . the whole thing wo n't be dressed ?
well , do you even dress ?
no one 's your ?
i 'm not dressed .
it belongs to you ?
that 's too bad for me , so i 'm going to fix my mistake .
how does that make me a mistake ?
i'il fix the wrong mistake again .
good god , you made a big mistake . ''
hey , give up .
hands mine mine , one
and my mistake 's clear to me .
my mistake was this one when i gave it to myself .
hand everything over to me , then i 'll fix the mistake .
give it all back .
whiskers are mixed up with whiskey .
nothing better than to mix vodka with whiskey .
if you 're going to mix vodka with whiskey , there 's got to be no good .
instead of mixing vodka with whiskey , it 's gon na be a bad idea .
it would be better to mix vodka with whiskey , two things .
spades and spades .
the whiskers , they 're all wrong .
well , i never got drunk .
neither vodka nor spiced .
did you mix the whiskey whisky ?
their proposal was one more .
furthermore , seek out further proposals for simplification .
simplification identified its purpose now , promising further proposals .
it was worth noting that other proposals for simplification are currently under way .
table 2 . 2 other proposals for simplification to this end . 2 . 1 . 1 in the present case .
these simplifications , others and proposals .
i 'm also currently working on further simplification proposals .
eu also currently identify further proposals simplification .
its simplification currently proposed , do n't worry about any further proposals .
as it is currently reported , they did not identify further proposals for simplification .
is no one a neeble ?
they 're taking anyone from neeble ? ''
people will know if they 're neeble ?
not many neebles ?
so , no one would n't be neeble ?
people are neeble like that ?
mr . neeble , he 's the one who 's not eeble ?
and no one who 's neeble ? ''
and maybe he 's even neeble ?
no one has ever been called neeble ? ''
in the context of this case , my distinction makes three different situations of the same meaning .
no , it distinguishes me .
we distinguish the following three situations .
more situations are different in this context .
i was making three different situations . . .
'it makes me distinguish three situations .
case c 3 was a different situation , i said , distinguishing three situations
more specifically , let me distinguish three situations .
the definition of three situations in this context was the following to be distinguished .
according to me , three situations are distinguished .
further in particular , accelerating procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure
and it is not about speeding up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
the way that accelerated procedures for access to grid infrastructure . . .
so he could speed up . . . the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
it makes it possible .
the procedure was progressing so quickly that it accelerated the approval of the grid infrastructure .
this prompts grid infrastructure authorisation procedure .
so management does not speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
explain to me how accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure have been . ''
the acceleration of the procedures for the approval of the network infrastructure also occur in the present case .
loser was probably a bad choice then .
do you feel bad about hiring someone to do your dirty work ?
you have it better with someone doing your dirty work than this loser .
this loser probably is n't the best choice for your job .
i would argue with you that if you want someone else to do your dirty work , you should n't have chosen this loser .
maybe this is n't the best choice .
there are no good choice if you want someone else to do your dirty work .
why does it matter ?
loser is a bad choice .
i had my opinion that when you wanted someone to do your dirty work , you did n't choose this loser .
please . great brain .
yeah , give him alcohol .
what kind of thing he wanted to do was feed his thirst for a thirst for self esteem and alcohol . ''
ryan does it so much .
he would have done it , so try to feed his thirst for a thirsty desire for self respect and alcohol .
there would only be a thirst for thirst for self esteem and alcohol in his head . that 's why he did it .
he has done so because he wants to feed the thirst of his great brain for self esteem and is using alcohol to do so .
i was n't interested in feeding his thirst for alcohol and self esteem .
feed your thirst for self respect and alcohol to feed your great brain .
the reasons led to his great brain 's thirst for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
so nobody 's wasting time .
we'il treads and others will waste our time .
we'il wasted no time , and let 's not waste our time !
now without a moment to waste .
no matter what we do , no time will pass .
so waste no time !
we said , i do n't want to waste any time . ''
nothing will waste . ''
ok , so . . .
please , we waste no time .
they beamed out of the grasslands of a couple of majestic trees , which were studded with white winged birds .
several pungent trees have grown a grassland full of wild white birds .
oh , no .
only this is a grassland .
rippling the grasslands of a couple of majestic trees is a wild bird .
grassland , grow the grass again .
the grass took one look at the tall trees and filled them with wild white winged birds .
there is a majestic forest .
grass rises from the grasslands , the birds are raucous with white wings .
it 's not one .
i was at your heart .
two broken hearts that are bursting at your heart .
crazy heart just has a lot of it .
the heart is not the one you 're supposed to be .
that your heart is broken , no .
the heart wrenching heart will soon awaken .
hearts are you heartbroken . . .
did you not cry ?
i see your heart is broken .
one will probably have an upset heart .
they believed in buddhism , on 49th day , the soul of the living soul was reborn .
buddhism , that means . . . the soul of the 49th day of life is reincarnated .
how did buddhism believe its soul reincarnate on 49th day ?
according to buddhism , it is the spirit of the 49th day of life .
how are the souls reincarnated ?
buddhist in buddhism , consider the soul to reincarnate on 49th day of life .
he reportedly comes to buddhism the spirit of the 49th day of life .
the soul came back in buddhism on 49th day of life .
buddhistic mystical beliefs in buddhism
'dibdhism said the soul of a man would be reborn on 49th day
these bills ca n't even be described as speed and anonymity .
is your money encrypted ?
then why does it have an advantage of speed and anonymity ?
what an advantage is piling up on electronic bills , speed and anonymity .
just a quickie .
the advantage lies in how quickly and anonymity is offered by electronic bills .
your speed and your anonymity ?
give an electronic bill speed anonymity one
this ca n't be a bad thing for speed and anonymity .
advantage of electronic bills is that it can be moved and anonymous .
in fact , they 're behind the toilet where her husband found her .
then they found her out behind the toilet .
they just found her husband 's old man 's assistant .
yeah , here 's the moments after her husband found her behind the toilet
go back to where his husband found her , will you ?
did i find her ?
where would her husband come from ?
they find her in the bathroom , and i find her behind the toilet .
they 're not even close to the toilet when they found her with her husband .
at the time of her husband 's discovery , they found her behind the toilet .
sure . what do you know ?
tomorrow we'il check into one of the hotels
well , he 's not staying .
good hotels and hotels in the morning and tomorrow
the selected hotel will probably be the one for me tomorrow .
but i 'm sure i 'll check the hotel tomorrow .
the hotel 's open .
the hotel was nicer .
i have an overnight stay at the hotel tomorrow .
those were two hotels .
some weird stuff happens here , that 's all .
something weird happened , and something happened to me !
what happened here . . . a strange thing will happen !
my friend one came to tell me something weird !
we got something weird going on , and it 's gon na be weird !
and do some weird stuff ?
kind of weird stuff makes me crazy !
here 's something weird , dude .
things 's weird stuff .
man it 's weird , it must be something .
daniel carthage , there 's a razor in his hand ?
he 'll lend you a razor , guys ?
he was willing if he could borrow a razor .
he wanted to borrow a razor and he did n't .
are n't you a razor willing ?
is he willing ?
of course , the razor is he willing to lend it ?
guys have offered him to lend me a razor ?
and he offered the razor he could borrow ?
jim simpson , want to lend me a razor ?
do you see any reason why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb ? ''
all the reasons for her choice of tomb , i do n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
once she chooses her grave , we have to find no reason to marry her for a nobleman .
that 's why i do n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
i 'd rather prefer the grave than the tomb , i do n't see any reason why we should marry her for a nobleman
mrs and mrs noble .
the nobles are in no way for her choice of tomb or grave .
then i would n't be able to find any reason why we would try to marry her for a nobleman .
no reason 's given up .
nothing stopping us from marrying her to a nobleman .
'why i ca n't marry william whele !
you know and i ca n't marry william whele ?
where 's he marrying william whele ?
william and william whele ca n't
i know i ca n't marry william whele , but he can do it .
the impossible thing , the marriage of william whele , not williams .
william whele without my permission to marry .
are n't going to marry william whele ?
so i ca n't marry william whele ?
is n't it an impossible marriage to william whele ?
the firing lines do n't move in that direction .
did i get fired ?
did you get up fast !
now in the firing positions .
the firing line was just moved !
we have a very active position in the firing line !
prepare the firing line , fire position .
open fire do n't go in there !
i have open fire positions .
oh , you shooting !
there they are no other people .
 no one hides him , no one feeds him .
no longer , mrs . krause , he will be without anyone to hide him .
i 'll never hide it from anyone who feeds it .
so he wo n't be hidden from anyone .
give him up no one .
no one hidden him .
his mother grew up without anyone hiding him .
hide him and no one does n't feed him .
is no one hidden from him ?
that everything else . . . it 's just a toy !
besides , only childish .
your brother 's everything was just a toy !
everything , it was taken as a toy .
does it even have to be a toy ?
it was just a toy , you know ?
what would you say ? ''
the rest is one toy .
everything else i 'm just playing
please understand , everything else is just a toy !
why did your people ?
one person could n't tell roger ?
will you tell him about roger not being told ?
did anyone mention that to roger ?
mrs . roger ? no one told him ?
why did n't anyone tell roger ?
well , it 's best if no one told roger ?
wo n't tell roger ?
do n't anyone says anything to roger ? ''
if roger did n't tell you , he 's okay ?
is he planning on being a classic friend ?
being classic friends .
so . . . usually . .eter .
oh , i 'm so classic .
she wanted as much as i was a classic friend .
usually the girls want to be my friend .
number one i 'm a classic friend ( preferably one of the classic types )
we 're friends , classic .
i guess that 's what she wanted me to be . ''
the one of the classic friends she 'd want me to be .
he somehow steals us from the car .
we 're a little stolen , they 're not real .
sounds like they stole our car .
they came to us and they stole our car .
someone got in our car , that 's all .
police car thieves have a little stolen .
the car is being stolen a little bit .
did they get suspicious of our car ?
'there 's a car theft , 'said vimes .
someone stole a little car last night .
and it 's all possible to use another elevator .
i have another elevator , so we 'll use it .
hey , take the elevator and the other one .
which is it used ?
when we leave , we go in to the next elevator to use .
we 'll also have to use another elevator .
we'il take off the other elevator to the lobby .
the elevator put us back in the elevator .
it 's like we 're in a different elevator is in other elevators .
the stairs were already on the ground floor , and other elevators were on them .
the man will speak , but i ca n't .
not real human talk .
you 're talking him out of his mind , not him .
why is he not talking to you ?
the only thing is he 's not talking .
he said no more than that , too , and two words .
he did his speech and nothing .
everything he says does n't have to be .
his voice is out there , sir .
will he tell you anything , please ? he 's not talking .
the mistakes have made out
let 's be sure there 's been a mistake .
it 's us more than a mistake .
mistakes and are definitely made here .
our mistake must be here somewhere .
all of this is making a mistake .
surely our own mistake .
it 's a mistake to be there . ''
did anyone make it like a mistake ?
i ca n't say there was a mistake . ''
an average salary for a slow and quick career and an average wage .
the benefits . . . they represent an average salary for a slow and quick career , whereas the rewards for an average career are not comparable .
the reward can not be matched by an average salary for a slow and quick career , nor an average wage .
therefore , the salaries are an average for a slow and quick career , while salaries for an average career are not comparable .
and it will no longer be comparable to an average salary for a slow and quick career or an average wage for a long term career .
they are making up for an average salary for a slow and quick career , while the reward for a normal career is not comparable .
the average salary is a slow and quick career and an average salary for a long term career is not comparable .
thus they are not paying equally well for a slow and quick career or for an average career .
number 2 , 6 year old career , remuneration average salary relative to average length of career .
the result . the average reward for a slow and quick career does not correspond to the reward for an average career .
you 've been through it again when your anger flared like a bubble burst .
did he repeat his anger like a bubble bursting ?
it 's still in his power to burst like a bubble bursting .
although his anger flared again , he could burst .
why are you anger ?
he was angry again , like a bubble bursting .
you 're not the only one whose anger flared like a bubble .
same anger and burst into flames like bubble
one day , i do n't know why , but again his anger burst into the bubble .
he still felt anger , and it was like a bubble bursting .
when a cockroach is in such a motel , what do you care about ?
he carefully avoided it when he was in a motel where a careful cockroach would be careful .
his cockroach must be carefully avoided in such a motel .
come on , make sure there 's no cockroach in the motel , which he 's careful about .
why is anyone trying to avoid a cockroach in a motel ?
would it be a particularly careful cockroach 's motel ?
are these the kind of places that a careful cockroach would be careful to avoid
you 're right , your hotel is a musty place . . . for youridious cockroach .
and do n't avoid a cockroach in a motel like that .
if it was a motel , cockroaches made every effort to avoid it .
real ? unexpected wedding ?
one thought you might have an unexpected wedding ?
can i have wedding really ?
he says , does n't he really consider a surprise wedding ?
hang on , guys .
you thought seriously about it , some kind of surprise wedding ?
did anyone consider that ?
when did you really think about the surprise wedding ?
for the surprise wedding . . . ? . . really thinking to us ?
you mean wedding an unexpected wedding ?
i mean , if humanity does n't have a future , i 'll die .
his philosophy is clear if humanity does n't have a future .
well , human beings will die if they do n't have a future .
then he 's all killed .
death in the future of mankind is not coming .
then his words will be humanity 's future .
shut up , man !
who dies if humanity does n't have a future .
and john said the future of mankind was to die .
the future are not human .
i 'm giving you a contract , and we 'll give you a dola girosa .
which will take care of the contract and dola girosa
will the contractual have a dola girosa on your hands ?
the only thing you can do is that you have a contract with dola girosa .
you took care of the contract and got dola girosa there .
you just do n't have a contract and dola girosa to handle .
handling it when you have a contract with dola girosa .
dola girosa had a contract , so you could handle it .
dola also worked on the contract , taking care of it .
such contract management has been entrusted to you .
such funny things !
i 'll tell you in person it 's not funny .
today 's not my funny thing .
no one kind of fun would find that funny .
it 's nothing fun and nothing funny to me .
would you . . . would it be funny ?
there seems to be no funny .
how can it be funny ?
my funny thing is no fun .
i guess i 'm not funny .
the nurse had a coat . . .
yeah , mommy buntman , old bad luck , old good luck , my sister threw her out , her sister ,
we 're in a bad place because my sister 's not pretty enough .
unfortunately , the ladies who had her coat did n't have a nice one so my sister threw her out .
they 're no longer looking for a nice coat so my sister threw them out .
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , sister threw him .
did she n't fit into a nice coat so my sister threw her out ?
would she refuse this ?
to get rid of her she had a pretty coat . ''
that 's why my sister did n't have a nice coat . ''
does your life have been tough ?
a lot of things like that were tough ?
everything will hard ?
it seemed to be hard . you got to be tough ?
something else is hard ?
come on , boy , is that hard ?
do you have it hard ?
that 's really hard working ?
and these things did n't make it hard ?
hard thing is for you
did you give me the devil 's flavors ?
god gave devilish tastes to me .
devils can taste and taste very much .
this has got to be the devil 's taste .
little devil makes me wonder what he tastes like .
the devil has a good one .
one devil can taste very well .
the devil tastes good and he can taste it .
devil 's after .
can he taste really the devil ?
yes , crimes are a crime against the state .
all i do is commit a crime .
as a crime , your knowledge . . .
and the crime . . .
and you really have n't committed a crime ?
crime , you do n't care about this .
crime is not taking this .
i know about the crime . . .
oh , yes , criminal offence .
just like a crime , the damn thing .
almost , it looks like moustaches .
that 's right , moustache .
the moustache would almost resemble drool .
his moustache was nearly drooping .
his moustache 's beginning to look like drool .
i could n't even see the moustache .
the moustaches drooped , almost drooping .
when his moustache nearly drooped . ''
look , could i see the moustache drooping ?
resembling an almost droopy moustache .
the shaker was just so fucking my butt .
the shakers are my butt , i 'm just gon na grab my butt .
hey came and got me a shifter off my butt .
in short terms , it 's enough to get my butt out of my butt .
'that 's my only option . '
number one will take the shifter off my butt .
i 'm not gon na lift my butt off my butt .
do n't let me take my seatbelt off my butt
in fact , there 's no way to get my shifter out of my butt .
now you let me get my butt out of here !
god sakes is taking care of the beauty .
wow , wow , look how beautiful
what have i done ?
i 'd really look at her as beautiful .
jesus christ was looking at him . how beautiful he was .
that 's just so beautiful .
god she was so beautiful .
there was a beauty in him to be beautiful .
he 's a beauty and looks like a beauty .
the beautiful thing about him is great to me .
those that are better are expected to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in particular , there will be no ambiguity about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
what does it mean ?
therefore , its improvement should be primarily removed from uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
it was due to these improvements to remove the uncertainty associated with the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
look at these improvements to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
and how did it come about these improvements ?
use these improvements , in particular , will help rid us of uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
we set up an improvement in this area primarily to remove uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
we expect improvement thanks mainly to removing uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
i found it impossible to pass documents to the workspace .
who do n't have documents in this workspace
has it failed the transfer of documents to this workspace ? ''
the location of this workstation also has no documents or documents .
the workspace . be here .
documents , do not show this workspace .
here documentation found you in this workspace .
and here are the documents you need to pass .
documentation is sent . ''
you have us in unable to pass documents to the workspace .
people abused on me .
it 's like i 'm not abused
not when they abused me .
the one who raped me , he did n't abuse me .
have no abused me
nobody abused me
you 're telling me nothing happened to me .
what a non abuse .
what did the abuse do to me ?
no one abused me like that .
in west hollywood arrested for neglecting to vaccinate the dog ,
were they arresting dogs ?
maybe the cops would be able to arrest you if you did n't cut your dog !
you 're a prisoner somewhere west hollywood .
in what they call west hollywood they arrest you for neglecting your dog .
go to west hollywood jail is here for your dog .
i 'm sure you 'll be arrested in west hollywood . they ca n't arrest you for neglecting your dog .
don't cut your dog in west hollywood .
western hollywood arrests for dogs
i 'm sure . he 's gon na be arrested in west hollywood because he ca n't comb his dog .
asians , their visa .
come on . let 's see the asian visa .
one visa was flagged .
did n't they just say asia 's visas are marked ?
they ca n't asian .
then their visa did n't show asia .
have a list of asian visas ''
come on . they 're marked by asia 's visas .
yeah , they marked it on asia 's visa .
why are n't they here ?
only one eye would be able to look at them for a moment .
'do n't be afraid , 'the monster said , peering into the corner of his eye .
in his place , the monster poked a hole in the corner and looked at them .
he watches them for a moment , and then throws a hole in the corner of his eye .
poke the monster around and keep an eye out .
do you have any eyes ?
oh , yeah . the monster poked a hole in the corner so he could look at them .
one huge monster watches
no . this is crazy .
creatures around the corner is trying to keep an eye on them for a moment .
if you 're dead , you already know it .
the man really died because of you ?
by number one , he 's not dead you know ?
someone will ever tell you you 're dead .
you 're more than dead .
ninjas and death dead ?
5 . memories of the death of a man
the cops were already killing you ?
known about your death is dead ?
you were just known for your death ?
this will be your long stay
there 's nothing longer ?
you know , your plan was you were n't staying long ?
i had you never planned on staying long ?
plan to stay for a long time .
for no reasons staying long ?
well , nothing planned ?
do n't plan on staying long , '' jennifer jaffe said .
no plans were made for you to stay long .
does anyone plan to stay here long , my lord ?
he says what technology is , he does n't know .
two technological developments coming from him ?
you really come out of technology ?
does he invent technology techniques ?
the technical development of technology to that will be the subject of further research ?
the technology one of them was in it ?
how do you invent technology ?
i know about the technology .
have . . . developed the technology ?
with technology and technology . . .
his door 's closing in on us !
he blocked two other people .
of course , all of us are under lock .
due to being locked up .
the same lock on us when we 're inside .
. he locked us up !
'he 's in our way . '
the cops will only lock us up .
are we trapped and closed ?
the door leads to us . ''
in response , the colony responded with swift and reasonable measures .
sent out a swift and sensible response .
as i expected the colony to respond quickly and decisively .
then the colonies respond with swift and sensible steps .
the colony 's response time , i thought , was swift and sensible .
colonies have responded quickly and decisively .
i consider the colony 's response to be swift and sensible .
our colony response is of rapid and sensible nature .
'cyprus is responding quickly and sensibly .
the colonies have not responded hurriedly and prudently .
look , i do n't know the powerful healing power that comes out of love .
well , it can cause powerful healing energy that comes from love . ''
i can heal very well , bring healing energy out of love .
energy sources of healing power such as love have created powerful healing forces .
no , i do n't know the powerful healing power that comes out of love .
the cure is healing
and they do n't get rid of the powerful healing power of love .
the healing forces have been activated by love .
here we are looking for a powerful cure and they begin to emanate from love .
it 's not your love . ''
who 's the original vampire , he ca n't kill anything .
has he ever had to kill a vampire ?
he did nothing to the original vampire right away .
if you kill a vampire , . . .
vampire originals did n't have to kill anything .
his predecessor killed no vampires .
our vampire kills nothing . . .
you know , you have nothing to kill the original vampire .
but the original vampire 's ability to kill is off .
no vampires are killed in the original form of vampires .
earlier than planned pregnancies , you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment .
a change in a suitable alternative medicine prior to pregnancy
prior the pregnancy .
there was a need for a suitable alternative treatment before pregnancy ( before pregnancy planned ) .
was n't that necessary , given that pregnancy should also be changed ?
before planning pregnancy , you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment . . .
the planned pregnancy requires suitable alternatives .
the alternatives are in advance of the planned pregnancy
pregnancy should preferably be replaced by suitable alternative treatments .
is n't it a good idea to switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy ?
'the river you were talking about jumped in and killed her . '
you mean the river you were talking about , jump in and die !
well , your daughter says she jumped into that river and drowned .
river you were talking about jumped in and killed her .
yeah , the rivers you were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the river will take her away .
how about the river you were talking about ?
the same river goes on .
it 's your dead river .
did she jump into that river ?
it was more likely that several shots had broken his fingers .
'but that looks like a couple of shots broke his fingers . '
he suffered , looked like a couple of shots , and broke his fingers .
you have some fingers very badly .
someone 's hitting the fingers with a couple of shots .
his whole fingers came out and smashed .
a couple of shots of his fingers were broken .
someone 's fingers are broken .
something had broken through his fingers and was broken by several blows .
they seem several shots , broken fingers .
what do you plan to do with the purchase of the remaining companies ?
plan on giving up on buying the remaining companies .
you thought about giving up and buying the rest of the companies ?
planning on selling the rest of the company are your intention ?
when do you give up ?
i guess you 're gon na give up on buying the remaining companies .
your plan was you left with the purchase of the remaining companies ?
so you 're gon na stop buying the rest of the companies , you told me ?
the purchase of the remaining companies is thought out in advance ?
two things happen , you wo n't be able to buy the remaining companies ?
