yesterday and i dreamed of you .
last night and i was dreaming of you .
my dream and i was talking about you .
my dream and i 'm talking about you .
last night and i 'm dreaming of you .
my dream and i 've been dreaming about you .
last night and i have dreamed of you .
last night and i had the same .
i dreamed of you yesterday and i did n't . . .
i woke up last night , and i told you something about you .
time is not housing .
time is not apartments .
time is not housing .
time is not enough space .
time is not home .
time is not a tenant 's apartment .
time does n't share rooms .
time is n't here .
we do n't share .
time does n't exist .
white people know you 're not a white man and that 's why you laugh .
being white and white does n't make them laugh .
whites do n't know you 're white , and it 's a reason they laugh .
you 're not white , white and funny !
there are white people who know you 're not white , and they do n't laugh about it .
white people know your white just as well as laughter .
it 's just not white people and white people laugh about it .
whites know you 're not white , they do n't have a sense of humor .
white people do n't know you 're white , which is why they laugh .
one whites have known you 're not white , and now they 're laughing .
alcohol and tobacco are banning .
you and alcohol are going to be banned .
booze and cigarettes , ban both types .
we 're banning alcohol and smoking .
hey , are you banning alcohol and cigarettes ?
cigarettes , do you ban alcohol ?
drinks . yeah , you ban alcohol and cigarettes .
did they have alcohol and on cigarettes ?
okay , is it a drink and a cigarette ?
no alcohol or cigarette is banned .
did he get where he was ?
did the cab get him ?
did he get what he called a cab ?
did how come the cab came ?
did the cab come for him ?
did he get one ?
has he got a cab yet ? ''
did he pick up the cab ?
did he get what 's going on ?
did he ? did he get a cab ?
a large black dog was crouched beside him .
a large black dog was cowering beside him .
next there was a large black dog .
beside him , a large black dog lay a black dog .
a huge black wolf crouched .
on the other side was a large black dog with a black wolf .
a huge dog curled up next to him .
a large black dog was curled up beside him .
a large black dog was curled up .
a large black dog stood next to him .
it makes me uneasy when i think of where he might hide it underground .
it 's hard when i think he 's hiding somewhere underground .
it 's hard to imagine what kind of hideout he might have hidden underground .
it 's hard i do n't know where he might hide it underground .
it 's hardest for me to imagine what he 's hiding underground .
it 's hard to imagine that he 's hiding somewhere underground .
it 's hard i do n't know where he might hide it underground .
it 's hard how he can hide it underground .
it 's hard for me to imagine what he 's hiding under the ground .
it 's hard for me to imagine how he might hide it underground . ''
did you find a reason to charge the boy ?
did you find a reason to charge the boy ?
did we find a cause for the boy 's indictment ?
did we find a cause for the boy 's indictment ?
have we found for the boy to charge ?
were we any kind of evidence to charge the boy ?
did we any idea he might be charged with ?
is there any reason to charge the boy ?
is there a reason for the kid to be charged ?
did we find any to the allegations of the boy ?
can anyone know who would want to hurt your husband ?
does anyone want to hurt your husband ?
does anyone want you to hurt your husband ?
would anyone want to hurt your husband ?
would anyone please hurt ?
would anyone be interested in hurting your husband ?
does anyone else want to hurt your husband ?
can anyone tell me who wants to hurt your husband ?
would anyone be able to hurt your husband ?
would anyone be nicer ?
then president nixon was going through the break in the hotel room .
then nixon was going through the break in the hotel room .
nixon fell through the break in the hotel room did .
nixon fall was accomplished only by breaking into the hotel room .
nixon fall was just broken into the hotel room .
nixon fall has fallen only by breaking into the hotel room .
then nixon has fallen through the break in the hotel room .
nixon fall was going down by breaking into the hotel room .
then nixon was collapsing .
nixon fall through the window to break into the hotel room .
now you have your own studio !
now you have your own studio !
now you have one .
that 's your first one .
now you have one studio one .
well , you 're his first studios .
that 's your one .
now you have a first one .
here 's one of your first studios .
now that 's your studio !
i 'm sure you 're wondering how thomas got that big hat , what is this ?
i 'm surprised . what 's thomas ' big hat ?
i 'm surprised . what was thomas wearing ?
a thomas hat ! what do you think ?
i 'm sure you 're wondering why thomas had such a big hat .
i wonder you have thomas in such a great hat !
i 'm curious about how thomas got his big hat .
you know what thomas did with his big hat ?
what are you surprised by thomas 's big hat ?
tell me . what do you think thomas had a big hat for ?
let 's get a helicopter .
let 's send a helicopter . a helicopter should come in .
let 's get a helicopter .
let 's get a helicopter .
we should go !
we should go to the helicopter ! a helicopter !
we should ! ''
let 's go get a helicopter .
we have to send a helicopter .
we have to send a helicopter .
you 're not dress . ''
you 're not dress .
you do n't have any clothes ?
you 're not dressing ?
you 're not dressing ?
you do n't have any clothes ? ''
you 're not dress .
you 're not taking your clothes ?
you 're not getting dressed ?
you 're not dressing up ?
strange thing . . . ! . . will not give a loan to a poor black man from west adams .
strange thing , this is a bank that does n't provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
strange thing , this bank wo n't lend a loan to poor black men in west adams .
strange things do n't . . . bank .
strange thing is not a bank that offers loans to poor black men in west adams .
strange strange bank does n't provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
weird thing the bank wo n't give a loan to a poor black man in west adams .
strange thing does n't offer a loan to poor black men from west adams .
strange thing , i wo n't get a loan from a bank for poor black men in west adams .
strange thing . the bank wo n't give a loan to a poor black man in west adams .
submitting applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should come within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should come within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 . ''
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should come in on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 and no later than midnight .
applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 . ''
calf eyes can look like a horror when they look at a butcher .
calf eyes can be scary at a few butchers when they look at them .
calf eyes can scare the hell out of some butchers off .
calf eyes can scare the hell out of a few butchers .
the calf eyes may look at the butchers as a scaremongering .
calf eyes can scare off a couple of butchers .
calf eyes on some butchers may be haunted by the sight .
the calf eyes may have a terrible look at the butchers .
calves can be very scary at the sight of some butchers .
calves eyes may be haunted when they look at the butchers .
alone and cut all the way to civilization he has spent the last five years .
alone , without any where to go , the five years is like mr queen .
only one and five . . . stop being civilised , like mr queen , for the last five years .
alone , and the way mr queen has lived for the last five years .
for the last five years on his own and being out of civilization .
and , i thought , he was alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
alone , and he does n't know anything about civilization for the last five years .
spent alone and get rid of civilization for the last 5 years .
based on and leave civilization , mr queen has spent the last five years alone .
and then he would be alone and out of civilization for five years .
will be married to miss honeychurch in january .
honeychurch will have a wedding with mr vyse in january .
in january , mrs . honeychurch 's wedding will be held .
mrs honeychurch has a wedding with mr vyse in january .
and january will be the wedding of mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse .
miss honeychurch one at the wedding of mr vyse in january .
mrs honeychurch is having a wedding with mr vyse in january .
wedding with mrs honeychurch and mr vyse in january , right ?
mrs honeychurch at the wedding of mr vyse in january .
marry mrs honeychurch with mr vyse in january .
police may have a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police believe there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police suspects a bomb blast and today 's shooting at an apartment complex .
police may have a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police thinks and has a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police believe there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
police are investigating a bomb blast and that there may be a connection to today 's shooting .
police have a connection to the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
the police have suspicions and firearms .
police thinks there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
at his high height , he only looked in a well tailored suit , which did n't hide slightly rounded shoulders .
his well tailored jacket was barely on his slightly rounded shoulders .
at his height , his better tailored jacket was still on his slightly protruding shoulders .
his well tailored shirt was barely on his slightly rounded shoulders .
his jacket at a height of about five ten was barely visible from the slightly rounded shoulders .
his well tailored jacket was not hidden .
at a height of about 5 10 , his well tailored jacket was barely .
his jacket was only slightly round , revealing only a slightly rounded shoulder .
a good tailored jacket was worn only by a few shoulders and did not cover the well tailored jacket .
his jacket and slightly rounded shoulders were not covered by a well tailored jacket .
extensive consultation has been carried out in recent years .
extensive consultation is being carried out in the past year .
extensive consultation has taken place .
a thorough consultation is being carried out in the last year .
extensive consultation was conducted during the last year .
has been extensively consulted in the past year .
a thorough consultation has carried out .
extensive consultations are being carried out in the last year .
a thorough consultation has ensued .
extensive consultation is underway .
all that gold is going to change everything .
that 's just going to change the gold .
the one with the gold will change .
the one with the gold will change everything .
this will all be changed by the gold .
the gold has changed everything .
all of the gold will change .
the gold will change in everything .
the one will be changed by the gold .
the gold will be changed .
can you go away for a minute and stop all the jokes from the fifth section ?
can you go there and stop all the jokes you 've got on the game in the fifth section ?
can you get out of here and stop all the jokes you 've got in section five ?
can you just have a laugh and stop all the jokes you 've got in part five ?
go in there and shut down all the jokes you 've got going on in the fifth section .
besides , are you telling me to stop playing all the jokes in section five and shut up ?
can you stop all the jokes you 're going to play in the fifth part ?
are you able to stop all the jokes you 've got in section five ?
can you go and stop all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series ?
can you please go and stop all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series ?
someone who will destroy the city will play an important role in it .
he thinks he 's going to play an insane scientist and he 'll destroy the whole city .
someone who will destroy the city will play .
someone who will destroy the city will be played by a mad scientist .
the role he 's going to play is going to be a crazy scientist . . . ! . . and he 'm going to destroy the city .
he 's playing a crazy scientist . he 'll be able to destroy the whole city .
one role he 's going to play is to be a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
"he 's going to play a crazy scientist , who 's gon na destroy this town .
he 's going to play a crazy scientist . he 'll be able to destroy the city .
someone who will be destroyed by the city is a madman .
fifty dollars was on the stolen goods today .
fifty thousand dollars was stolen from the store today .
one of those fuckers stole goods .
50 of the goods were stolen !
this son of a bitch stole 50 worth of goods .
50 of the goods belonged to that son of a bitch .
one of those fuckers stole the merchandise .
50 bucks for the shit was .
50 of the goods were on the stealer today .
50 bucks went to the store that son of a bitch .
but you have amazing hands .
but you 're lucky to have such an amazing joss .
but your great joss is fantastic !
but you 've got fantastically great joss .
but you 've got fantastically good at it .
but your josses are fantastically great .
but you 're absolutely amazing .
but your great josses are fantastically good .
but your own , you have your own fantastic joss .
but your joss is fantastically great .
sell the cars ? sell the petrol stations ?
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
is he selling gasoline ?
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
do they sell gasoline at the toy store ?
do gasoline sell at the toy store ?
do gasoline sell at the toy store ?
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
does he sell gas stations ?
is he selling to toys ?
we 'll be doing the opposite of his plan .
we will respond in a different way than the plan he proposed .
we will act in the opposite direction of his plan .
we will act in the opposite direction of his plan . ''
we will act in a different way than the plan he has prepared . ''
we will act in a different way than the plan he has proposed .
we will act . ''
we will respond in a different way than his plan . plan .
we will be doing the opposite of the plan he has prepared . ''
we will act . . . against his plan .
have you seen this ?
have you seen jaw ?
have you seen that ?
have you seen this ?
have you seen jawy ?
have you seen his movie ?
have you seen her ?
do you know those movies ?
do you have such a movie ?
did you see the big movie ?
is n't headache bothering you ?
is n't hurting your head ?
does n't hurt your head , does it ?
does n't it really hurt ?
does n't he have a headache ?
does n't your head hurt much ?
does n't your head hurt too much ?
does n't he have a headache ?
does n't hurt your head too much ?
does n't it hurt more a head ?
money is over here .
money is over .
money is over there .
money is elsewhere .
there 's money !
money not is here .
money has it too .
money is overpriced .
money thing is over .
money is not enough .
to find the keys to unlock the lock needs to be done by all players .
finding the keys to unlock the lock requires everyone to do it .
finding the keys to unlock the lock has to be done by all players .
finding the keys to the unlock of the lock is the main thing .
looking for the keys to unlock the lock is the main thing .
to find the keys to unlock the lock is the same thing .
looking for the key to unlock the lock will have to be done by all players .
finding the key to the lock is to everyone 's game .
finding the key to the lock makes it possible for all players .
finding the keys to unlock the lock is the main thing .
will you be kissing ?
shall i kiss teddy ?
shall we go kissing teddy ?
shall we kiss teddy ?
shall we kisses teddy ?
you kissing teddy .
shall we kiss teddy ?
shall we kiss teddy ?
you kissing '' teddy ?
shall we give teddy a kiss ?
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attacking , counter attacking , and defense .
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attacking , counter attacking , and defense .
so many moving parts can be different . attack , counterattack , and defense are the most important skills . . .
 swordsman must have a range of different moves and attacks , as well as counter attacks , counter attacks and defense .
all of the swordsman 's abilities are required . . . and can be performed in dozens of moves .
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attacking , counter attacking , and defense .
the swordsman 's abilities can be obtained by many moves , attacks , counter attacks and defensive positions .
 swordsman must have a range of different moves and attacks , as well as counter attacks and defensive skills .
twelve , attack and counter attack and defensive skills require great swordsmanship .
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , various attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
do n't forget that you 're five feet taller . that 's likely to be missed .
remember the fact that you 're five feet taller , it 's going to cost you dearly .
remember , this is how many feet you 're likely to be missing .
remember , it 's going to be 5 feet more and more .
watch out , it 's going to be 5 feet more .
keep in mind that you 're going to be five feet taller .
remember you 're five feet taller , and there 's likely to be a lot of missed opportunities .
remember , you 're five feet taller than that , which is why you 'll probably be missing .
do n't forget about the fact that you 're going to be five feet taller .
remember , there 's a lot more to do than five feet .
so i used to teach and not throw things away .
i only learned that teaching . . . to throw things away .
so i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away ?
i teach you not to throw things away .
and i taught you not to throw things away .
now i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
instead i 'm teaching you to throw things away .
so i learned by teaching instead of throwing things away .
so i used to teach and not throw things away .
i only taught and nothing to throw away .
meetings usually include preparing a large number of preparatory activities that candidates need to take into account .
meetings usually include a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
meetings usually consist of a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
meetings usually take participants into account a large number of preparatory activities that candidates need to handle .
these meetings usually include preparing a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
meetings usually include a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
meetings usually involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
these meetings usually include a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
meetings usually include in them a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
the meeting usually includes a large number of preparatory activities to be taken into account by candidates .
he wins 30 shillings !
he wins thirty five shillings !
he wins 30 shillings !
he wins 30 shillings worth .
he wins 30 shillings !
he wins 30 shillings ' worth .
he wins price 30 .
he wins thirty shillings !
he wins 30 shillings worth .
he wins 30 .
no , my baby was kidnapped .
my baby was kidnapped .
my baby is kidnapped .
the baby 's kidnapper kidnapped .
the baby 's been kidnapped !
someone 's baby was kidnapped .
my baby 's been kidnapped !
the baby 's kidnapper was kidnapped .
someone 's kidnapping kidnapped .
the kidnapper kidnapped my .
are you enjoying victories ?
do you enjoy the victories ?
are you enjoying victory ?
are you enjoying the wins ?
are you enjoying this ?
do you have any victories ?
do you enjoy this ?
have you enjoyed ?
do you enjoy the victory ?
are you enjoying the victory ?
he thought his son was murdered by terrorists .
he 's got that his son died in an attack on the terrorists .
he was convinced his son was killed in an attack on the terrorists .
he thought that his son had died in an attack on the terrorists .
he believed his son was murdered by terrorists .
they 've said his son died in an attack on the terrorists .
he thought that when his son died , he was murdered by terrorists .
he thought his son was murdered by terrorists
he was . . . ? . . he believed his son was murdered by terrorists .
he thought that his son was murdered by terrorists .
this is for another night than here .
this is out of town tonight .
this is completely different than in town .
this is completely different than in town .
this is not like the other night in town .
this is completely different than in town .
this is one more night .
this is no different than in town .
this is like different than in town .
this is different than in town .
are these hospitals for veterans ?
is this one of the veterans hospitals ?
is this from the veterans hospital ?
does the hospital have a service ?
does the hospital have any veterans ?
does the hospital have veteran status ?
are these hospitals for veterans ?
is this an old war hospital ?
does that mean a veteran hospital ?
does the hospital in charge of veterans ?
he stood here and spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
come on , shut him up .
he stood and spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke in hebrew and sits in it for ten minutes .
he stood and spoke hebrew .
come on , he used to speak hebrew for ten minutes .
to stand here , he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
come on , he had spoken hebrew for ten minutes !
he stood and spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes and stood .
they 're not the ones .
it 's not fire 's !
they do n't like the fire .
they hate the fire .
they do n't hate fire people .
it 's not the people 's guns !
they 're just the fire .
it 's not the fire 's hatred !
they 're the only ones .
they 're all the ones .
but it looked like the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
but it looked like the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
but they probably raided him right away , as i happened to see him .
but now he looked like an fbi raid when i saw him .
but it looked as though the fbi was investigating him when i looked at him .
but he looked like the fbi was investigating him when i looked at him .
but now it looked like the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
but the building looked like they were being raided by the fbl when i looked at him .
but this was what it looked like when the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
but it just looked like they were raiding the fbl when i saw him .
your baby was not injured .
your baby did n't suffer .
your baby did not suffer from me .
your baby did not suffer from me .
your baby was not harmed by my actions .
your baby has not been harmed .
your baby is not injured .
your baby did n't hurt me !
your baby did n't get hurt !
your baby has not suffered from me .
the court is requesting that these declarations be made under oath , where applicable , if national law allows .
the court will be asked to issue such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
the court will ask for such declarations to be sworn if national law allows it .
the court will ask for such declarations to be sworn if applicable national law allows it .
the court will ask for such declarations to be sworn if national law allows . ''
the court will demand that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows .
the court will be asked to issue such declarations under oath if applicable national law allows . ''
the court will demand . . . that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows .
the court will demand oath .
the court will be able to issue such declarations under oath if national law allows .
all i know is that he 's gon na let it go .
i 'm . . . i 'll be afraid of her , so she 'll let it go .
scaring of her , i 'll do what i have to do to keep her away .
i 'm just gon na scare her , i guess that 's why she 's gon na let it go .
i 'm afraid of her so he 's gon na let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her , so she 's gon na let it go .
i 'm afraid of her , and i 'll let her go .
i 'm afraid of her . will she let it go ?
i 'm afraid of her so he 'll let it go .
i 'm afraid of her , and i 'll let her go .
and i sit here on my ass and keep an eye out for the allegations .
and i sat on my ass and looked at the evidence .
and i can keep an eye on these statements from my butt .
and so i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the statement .
and i 'm sitting on my ass looking at the statement .
but i 'm on my ass looking at the statement .
and i 'll be sitting on my ass and looking at the statement .
and i 'm sitting here on my ass looking at the statement .
and i 'm sitting here on my ass looking at the statement .
but i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
he seems to have written the book . he 's driving .
he seems to be writing a book about driving .
there seems to be written in the book about driving .
he 's got to write a book about driving .
seems to be writing a book on how to drive .
something about driving in the book tells me .
looks like he 's writing a book about driving .
he says he wrote a book about driving .
he seems write about driving in his book .
she '' seems to be writing a book about driving .
he was released from prison yesterday . . .
he 's got . . . out of jail yesterday .
they released him from jail . . .
he 's got back from jail .
he was coming out of jail . . .
he came out of jail yesterday .
he was released from prison on the day of the funeral
he came out of jail yesterday . . .
he was released on parole last night
they released one yesterday .
five million will be enough .
here 's five million dollars to pay for it .
the five million to be granted .
that would be five million .
what 's going to be 5 million will be enough .
and the five million dollars will be enough .
five million will come in handy .
what 's going on , five million ?
what 's five million ?
five , we have a request .
select an educational film or pottery .
you can choose between film or learn .
you 'll be able to choose between films or learning pottery .
you 'll be able to choose between films or learning pottery .
okay , but you can choose between films and learning pottery .
you 're able to choose between films and ceramic .
you can choose films or courses related to pottery .
select film or learn pottery .
you can choose between films and learning pottery .
the only film or hour of pottery will be the choice .
once , put your women down .
once their women are going to sleep they start singing .
they women start to sing when they get settled .
they women start to sing when they get settled .
they start singing their women when they get settled .
once the women began to settle , they began to serenade .
they women are starting to serenade when they get settled .
their women begin to sing when they get settled .
once mrs . shannow is settled .
their women are starting to serenade when they get settled .
and he is not true to the gram of truth .
and nothing is really in the picture of truth .
and they are still without grammatical errors in his paintings .
and there is n't such a grammatical truth .
and he was still without a gram of truth to the painting .
and the truth is still in the picture .
and there was still no gram of truth to the paintings .
don't see the gram of truth in the painting .
and this is hardly grammatical truth in his paintings .
and photography is n't grammatical errors in the truth .
are you really new to the ministry of public service ?
are you really new to the ministry for the first time ?
are you really out of office for the first time ?
are you really the first day at the office of the prime minister ?
are you here for the first time as a prime minister ?
are you new for the first time as a prime minister ?
are you new to the ministry for the first time ? ''
did you spend the first day as a prime minister ?
is your day full of work for the prime minister ?
does that seem true to you for the first time in the prime minister 's office ?
just because there 's no monster .
just if you do n't want to be a monster , hunting monsters yourself .
just if you do n't want to be a monster , everyone wo n't be hunting monsters .
just as a monster , we wo n't be hunting monsters .
just if you do n't want to be a monster .
just as if you were n't a monster .
just if you do n't want to be a monster , the monster is hunting .
unless there 's a monster .
just if you do n't want to be a monster . ''
just if you do n't want to be a monster .
the company closed in early june 2008 , number one , most of its activities .
in june , it closed 70 .
june 1 . 8 . 2008 has closed in most of its activities
started june 2008 .
management closed most of its activities at the beginning of june 2008 .
j . j . economic closed nearly all of its operations in early june 2008 .
in 2008 , the company closes all activities .
june 8 . 2008 has closed in most of its activities
june 1 . 2008 has closed in most of its activities
in june 2008 he voluntarily closed most of his activities .
were you shocked ?
does it shock him ?
did it shock him ?
has it shaken him ?
did it shock him ?
is it being shaken ?
shook him up ?
does it shock him ?
did it shock ? ''
were you crying ? ''
these effects and symptoms may be affected by food and drink .
these effects may cause . . . difficulty with food and drink .
these effects may cause difficulty to eat and to drink due to them .
these effects may be difficult to eat and drink .
these effects may affect the ability to eat and drink at the same time .
these effects may cause difficulty to eat and drink due to these effects .
these effects may result in difficulties in the supply of food and drink .
these effects and symptoms appear to be difficult to eat and drink .
may be affected by the difficulty of food and drink .
these effects may cause difficulty in eating and drinking . ''
they fired two of us .
they fired the other two .
they fired the two .
they could fire us both .
they could have fired us both !
they could fire us both .
they fired two more .
they could . ''
they could fired us both !
they can fire us both .
dress like that . it 's beautiful .
you do n't look more beautiful in that dress than the prince .
in that dress , you 're not as beautiful as the prince .
if you dress like that , you 're not as beautiful as the prince .
in that dress , you 're more beautiful than the prince .
you 're as pretty as the prince .
in disguise , you 're so handsome .
if you dress like that , you 're more beautiful than the prince .
you 're not beautiful like the prince .
you dress yourself as pretty as any prince .
file was unable to verify
file found no authentication
failed to verify file
file could not verify
file was found unable to verify
unable to verify file
file could not be verified
unable to verify file ''
file was found in file
no file checked
'kill them ? 'said panagyn .
'is n't that what they 're dying for ? 'said panagyn .
'they die today ? 'said panagyn .
'yes ? 'said panagyn .
'really ? 'said panagyn .
'dying ? 'said panagyn .
'i think they 're dying , 'said panagyn .
'yes ? 'she asked .
'he 's dying , 'said panagyn .
'die 'said panagyn .
you 're astronaut .
are n't they astronauts ?
you 're not there ?
you 're not astronauts .
are n't you an astronaut ?
are n't you an astronaut any ?
you 're not astronauts .
do you have astronauts too ?
you 're not really ?
you 're not an astronaut ?
i 'm not going to be your friend .
i 'm not your friend .
i 'm not your friend .
i 'm not going to be your friend .
i 'm not going to be friends with you , sir !
i 'm not going to be your friend .
i 'm not going to be your friend . ''
i 'm not going to be your friend .
i 'm not friend .
i 'm not a friend to you !
you do n't get mad at me .
are n't i mad at you ?
i 'm not mad at you ?
you 're mad !
you 're not mad ?
and you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not that mad at me ?
are n't you mad at me ?
and you 're not mad at me ?
declaring war and attacking such nations does not have to be the same .
wars and attacks are about the same , so that it is impossible to declare war on the nation and its soldiers .
two nations have declared war , and yet there is no equivalent declaration of war .
there are no such contradictions as declaring war , and they do not attack the nation 's troops .
they declare war , but they do n't have the same war to attack humans or soldiers .
wars do n't have to be declared , and it 's an attack on the nation 's troops .
wars declare themselves , but the attacks will not be the same .
the declaration of war and attacks on the nation 's troops may never be equivalent .
declaring war and attacking the nation 's troops and people of these countries can never be matched .
they declare for war and do not attack the nation 's troops or its citizens .
grandpa , we 're just going to go so fast we wo n't meet our quotas .
grandpa , we 'll go too fast .
grandpa , we 'll do it so slowly that we wo n't even meet the quotas !
grandpa , we 're going too fast .
grandpa , we always go at such a speed that we do n't even meet the quotas .
grandpa , do we go too fast , we 'll never reach the quotas .
grandpa , we 'll never make that much progress !
grandpa , we just ca n't keep pace with our quotas .
grandpa , we 'll never reach the speed limit !
grandpa , our speed is so fast that we do n't even meet the quotas .
how can i really miss you ?
how can you possibly miss me ?
ladies , you ca n't miss me .
how could you not miss me ?
why do n't i miss you ladies ?
how ca n't you miss me ?
why do n't i miss you ladies ?
wo n't miss you .
how can you possibly be out of my way ?
how could you possibly miss with my ladies ?
they all have both birth .
they all have both .
they all grow up twice .
they 're all born twice .
they 're all born twice .
they all have a double birth .
they 're all born .
they 're all born twice .
they all have both births .
they 've all been born twice .
captain muller and anyone else do n't know about this .
captain muller and anyone else do n't know .
captain and muller , and otherwise everyone is preferred not to know .
captain muller and anyone else prefer not to know about this .
captain muller and anyone else out there would rather be involved .
captain muller and anyone else who does n't know about it .
please , captain muller and anyone else who does n't know about this .
captain muller and anyone else are more likely .
and captain muller 's preference would not be anyone who does n't know about it .
captain muller and other people prefer him to captain mullier or anyone who does n't know .
and now he 's murdered my film !
and now he 's killing .
and now i have a film .
and now he kills the film .
and now he 's gon na kill my movie !
and now the film killed me .
and now that 's the film .
and now it 's the murder of my film .
and now they 've murdered my film !
and now he 's a fucking movie .
we must . ''
it must be in the contract !
it must be .
we must have it in the contract .
it must be in the contract !
that must be in the contract !
we 've got a contract on that .
we 'll have to have a contract .
it must be . ''
that must be .
if they accumulate , the environment will negatively affect the quality of water and fish stocks .
if this accumulation occurs , the country 's water quality and fish 's health will be affected .
when it accumulates , water will have an adverse effect on fish and fish health .
if this accumulation occurs , water supplies will negatively affect the quality of the water and the fish .
if it accumulates , water will be adversely affected as well as fish health .
if this accumulation occurs , people will have a negative impact on water quality and fish health .
if this accumulation occurs , it will have a detrimental effect on water quality and fish health .
if this accumulation occurs , water will have a detrimental effect on fish and fish health .
if accumulated , the situation will be affected by the quality of the water and the health of the fish .
if this accumulation occurs , water will have a detrimental effect on fish and fish health .
we should shoot !
we need to get some shots !
let 's get some shots .
we have to take a picture .
we 're gon na have some shots !
we have to shoot .
we have to . have a couple of shots .
let 's have a few shots .
we should ! ''
let 's get some shots . !
sigursdon , alcohol ca n't be sold here .
sigursdon , you ca n't sell it .
mr sigursdon , there 's no way to sell .
sigursdon , mr . . . sale does n't work here .
sigursdon , the sale ca n't be done here .
mr sigursdon , it 's forbidden here .
sigursdon , it 's gon na be illegal to sell .
sigursdon , you ca n't sell it .
mr sigursdon , it 's forbidden to sell .
sigursdon , the sale does n't have to be .
did grady . agree to the negotiations ?
does grady agree to talk ?
is grady going to start a negotiation ?
did grady agree on the negotiation ?
does grady agree with the negotiations ?
does grady agree a deal with you ?
did grady agree that ?
the guy who negotiated with grady ? !
did grady agree negotiation ?
did grady agree to talk ?
budgetary revenues and expenses must be kept in line .
spending balance must be equal to revenue from the budget .
both revenue and spending budgets must be kept in line .
the income and spending budget must be kept in line .
raising and spending on budget revenues is a fundamental requirement .
revenue from the budget and expenditure should be equal .
spending must be balanced in terms of revenue and income .
to maintain a balance between income from the budget and expenditure , expenditure must be balanced .
spending is necessary to keep a balance between income and revenue .
revenue from the budget , but it is necessary to keep a balance between spending and revenue .
what i 'd like is that they remember me as a monster .
what i want is that everyone will remember me as a monster .
what i want is the memory of me being nothing but a monster .
i only wanted what they would remember me as a monster .
what i want is that they remember me as a monster .
what i want is for them to think i 'm not a monster .
what i want is for them to remember me as a monster .
what i want to do is to be known as a monster in the world .
i just wanted them to remember me as a monster .
what i want to do will be able to remember me as a monster .
now he 's picked up in an auction a few months ago .
now it 's out of the auction a few months ago .
well , he 's selling for a couple of months .
now he 's going to auction a couple of months ago .
so he 's got it in a couple of months ' worth of auctions .
now it 's sold in an auction a few months ago .
now it 's going to auction a few months ago .
now it 's going to auction a few months ago . ''
all right , it 's a couple of months from the auction .
it 's from a couple of months i 've been selling it .
once you have the sword on your hip , nothing will happen to the demons .
if only you had the sword on your hip , no one else would .
even if you have the sword on your hip , it 's no longer a bad demon .
if you have the sword on your hip , your demon wo n't be hurt .
even if you have the sword on your hip , god wo n't hurt you .
if you have the sword on your side , your demon will never hurt you .
even if you have the sword on your side , your demon will stop .
if you have the sword on your hip , god forbid anyone will be able to hurt you .
with the sword , he wo n't hurt you with the demon .
if you have the sword on your hip , the weaker demon will be . . . (. . . you do n't know what you 're doing .
3 billion years goes by the life of the earth .
there are 3 billion years of life .
there are 3 billion years .
there are 3 billion years in the world of life .
there 's 3 billion years in the world of life !
there are three billion years of life on the planet .
3 billion years live on earth .
one life exists in the world of 3 billion years .
there are 3 billion years .
for 3 billion years on earth !
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit . ''
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit . ''
i 'll show you , sir .
i 'll show you to sit down .
someone to speak english !
someone to speak english !
someone speaks in english !
someone to speak english !
someone is speaking .
someone speaks up english !
someone speaks up .
someone is speaking in english !
someone has to speak english . there 's an englishman
someone is speaking out .
is there something strange about that ? ''
is it strange to you ?
is it weird to say that ? ''
is n't it a little weird to say ?
is it so weird for you ?
is n't it strange to say that ?
is it strange to say that ?
is it weird enough for that ?
is there something strange going on ?
is n't it strange about that ?
this led to the confession of erzebet 's servants .
this forced the servants to confess .
they wanted to make erzebet 's servants confess to the torture .
he wanted to make erzebet 's servants confess . ''
this was what torture led to the confession of erzebet 's servants .
he wanted to make erzzebet 's servants confess to the torture .
they made the servants of erzebet confess '' .
they made the torture of erzben 's servants confess .
they made the servants of erzebet confess to the torture .
this made the torture the revelation of erzebet 's servants .
still wormwood , i still burn when i 'm asleep .
yet i 'm burning my blood even in my sleep .
all right , i 'll burn my blood when i 'm asleep .
even i sleep my blood is still burning in my veins .
even the blood i have is hot in my sleep .
the blood of the worms , i 'm still burning in my sleep .
i still burn blood in my sleep .
yet the blood of the worm burns me even when i 'm asleep !
even in sleep , it burns like a worm 's blood .
every night , i 'm burned by the blood of a worm .
one woman has been charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
accused old woman of sexual abuse of a minor .
an elderly woman in charge of sexually abusing a minor was testifying .
elderly woman on charges of sexual abuse of a minor is mentioned .
there was an elderly woman accusing him of sexual abuse .
an elderly woman in charge of sexual abuse of a minor was charged .
a woman of old age charged .
an elderly woman in charge of sexual abuse of a minor is indicted .
charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
a former woman for sexual abuse of a minor boy was .
there were 20 kids on that night 's party with a herman .
there were about twenty kids fights with herman on the night of the game .
twenty kids went to a party with herman that night .
they fought about 20 kids on the night of the party .
there were 20 on the night of the game with herman 's children .
20 of the children who attended the party on the night fought herman .
twenty kids fought with herman on the night of the party .
20 kids from the party fought with herman on the night .
twenty kids fought with herman on the night of the party .
there were 20 kids fights with herman on the night of the party .
usually , there 's blood .
usually , there 's a bacterial infection .
normally , this is bacterial infection .
normally , a bacterial infection occurs .
bacterial infection is progressing .
usually , it 's bacterial infection .
bacterial infection leads to a narrowing of arteries .
normally , there 's a clotting .
normally , this is a bacterial infection .
bacterial infection is going to cause a narrowing of arteries .
i 'm scared of him ?
you afraid of him ?
was he afraid of me ?
did i scare him so much ?
you afraid of him ?
you afraid of him ?
scared of me ?
i 'm afraid of him ?
were you afraid of him ?
did i scare you ?
we need to buy something !
we have to go buy something !
have to buy something !
we could go .
something have to be bought .
we '' have to buy something !
let 's get something to buy !
let 's get something to buy !
we have to buy something !
let 's get something to buy !
i 'm telling you , no fights , so i 'll keep up my promise .
i 'm telling you , no fights are you .
we 're not gon na fight , i promise .
we 're not gon na fight , we swear .
i promise you , we wo n't fight .
i promise we wo n't fight , guys .
i 'm not gon na fight , guys .
i 'll be fine without a fight , sir .
there 's no going to be a fight , right ?
i 'll be fine , we 'll do it !
it 's completely impossible for me to sentence you to death .
you ca n't be guilty at my watch !
it 's impossible to convict you at my place .
it 's not possible . he 's incapable of convicting you at my watch .
it 's not possible for me to sentence you to death .
it 's completely impossible for me to sentence you to death .
it 's completely impossible on my watch . i ca n't sentence you .
it ca n't be possible to convict you at my place .
you ca n't sentence me on my watch !
it 's completely impossible to sentence you at my place .
therefore , people think of transactions as information about the environment .
therefore , these people attach to the transaction data the information of the environment .
therefore , people are treated as environmental data in principle .
therefore , people consider the data relating to transactions as an environmental resource .
therefore , that seems in principle the information about transactions is an information about the environment .
thus , most people consider the data on transactions as an environmental information .
therefore , there are people in principle regard the data relating to the transaction as an environmental resource .
therefore , the people consider the data relating to transactions as an environmental resource .
therefore , environmental data are regarded as a matter of principle .
therefore , there are no data .
direct , or you 'd die right away .
your shot and immediate death would be much more distant .
one more shot and that would be your death .
you and your death would be taken from a much more direct angle .
your angle and immediate deaths would be much more direct .
one more shot and you 'd be dead right away .
direct shots and you 'd be killed right away .
closer , and you 'd die right away .
both directions and deaths would be taken immediately .
and just a little farther and that immediately .
you and your cattle are going to take all the bags .
we have a bag and animals .
we have to get rid of all the luggage and the animals .
we pick up the bags .
we 'll go .
we 'll have to get rid of all the bags and the animals .
we have bags and animals to take care of .
we 're collecting our luggage . take care of the animals .
we 're all going to collect our luggage and the animals !
we take our bags !
there was an image revolving around the earth .
there was an image .
there was an image . ''
the screen showed there .
there was an image revolving around the earth .
there was an image of the rotating earth in which she appeared .
there was an image rotating earth .
there was something .
there was an image revolving around the earth .
there were moving images of the rotation of the earth .
put your gun down .
drop the gun now .
put your gun down now .
put your damn gun down .
put your weapons away .
lower your weapon .
put your gun down .
put your gun down at once .
give me the gun now .
put the gun down .
what do you mean , you want to play football ?
what do you mean , you want to play football ?
dude , are you guys going to play football ?
what do you mean , mate ?
you want to play what 's going on ?
you 're going to play football ? a friend .
excuse me . do you want to play football ?
you want to play football , mate ?
you want a little football , mate ?
what do you mean , you want to play football ?
are your rocks back ?
have your rocks back ?
are your stones back ?
have your stones at once ?
do you have your rocks ?
have your rocks back ?
did he return his stones ?
took back your stones .
did he bring back his stones ?
did you have the stone back ?
you 've told us everything ? ''
you 've said everything ?
have you told us everything ? no !
you 've said everything ? ''
you 've told us everything ?
do you have a full story ?
you 've told us everything was a lie ?
have you said all ?
do you say that as a whole story ?
do you know your whole story ?
will be examined first , the third ground must be heard .
therefore , it is better to examine the third ground .
therefore , the third ground must be heard first .
the third ground must begin first .
therefore , the third ground must begin to examine .
therefore , third ground should be addressed first .
therefore , it is necessary first .
accordingly , the third ground must be examined first .
will address the third ground first .
therefore , it is going first to examine the third ground .
is he suggesting negotiation ?
he 's negotiating , all right ?
means negotiation , is n't it ?
he 's negotiating , all right ?
he 's negotiating . ''
he 's negotiating .
is he suggesting negotiation ?
it means negotiate .
is that about negotiation , is n't it ?
is he negotiating ?
did you seek the man out ?
did you follow up the man ?
were you chasing this ?
did you set up the person ?
were you chasing anyone ?
did you follow up the people ?
were you chasing the man ?
did you follow him up ?
did you pursue the man ?
did you follow him up ?
this is his big risk .
that 's his big risk !
this is dangerous for him .
this is his big risk .
that 's his risk too big .
this is dangerous for him .
that puts him at risk .
he 's worth the risk .
big is in danger .
this is his risky .
dwera was upset .
dwera was angry mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera was offended .
dwera was angry .
dwera was a little irritated .
dwera was irritated mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera was getting angry with mudfoot 's behaviour .
mr . dwera was angry .
dwera had been angry with mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera bristled . ''
when klingon attacked him , he was taken to cardassia .
when the klingons attacked him , they locked up .
when klingon attacked him , he ran into cardassia .
when the klingons attacked him , he had nothing to do with it .
when klingon attacked him , he managed to escape to cardassia .
when klingon attacked him , he fled .
when the klingons attacked him , they have trapped him in cardassia .
as the klingons attacked him , he fled .
when klingon attacked him , the klara stayed .
before the klingons attacked him , he was taken to cardassia .
taking the law into your own hands and acts does n't allow you to commit violence .
take the law into your own hands and do n't commit violence !
be careful not to take the law into your own hands and do n't commit violence .
taking the law into your own hands and committing acts of violence will never be allowed .
go ahead and do n't commit violence .
the people do n't take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
do n't take the law into your own hands and do n 'cause you 're gon na be violent .
taking the law into your own hands and committing violence is not allowed !
they act under the law and do not commit violence .
taking up the law and committing acts of violence is not allowed .
aspects of human destinies override .
selection of human destinies ensue .
choice of human destinies prevails .
people shapes of their own destinies .
nature corrupts people .
none of the people 's destinies affect others .
gender differences in her own destinies .
selection of human destinies affects people .
people reflect their destinies .
gender differences are among them .
their perfume was a little too strong for a terrible smell .
their perfume gave them an almost identical stench .
the smell was so strong and strong that at some nights it was nearly enough to cover the smell .
and some nights and the fragrances were all so strong .
their fragrances were so strong and strong that they nearly covered the terrible smell .
this was a very strong and perfumed night .
there was almost a terrible smell from their perfume at night .
the smell was nearly so strong that at some point it was nearly enough to cover the terrible smell .
their perfume was so strong and strong that it nearly masked the terrible smell .
at some point in the night , they were so fragrant that it nearly covered the terrible smell .
do you want a better drink ?
can i get something to drink ?
would you like something to drink ?
do i drink it ?
can i get you something to drink ?
do you want something to drink ?
shall i get you ?
do i get something to drink ?
would you like something to drink ?
would you like something to drink ?
you have so much to do with your life .
you have a lot more to live up to .
you have so much to do with your life .
you have a lot more to live for . ''
you still have a lot to live for !
you 're too old . you should have a long life .
you have to live up to your own .
you have a lot . you 're too old for life .
you have to have a lot of life . ''
you have . you have a lot of life to live .
are people schizophrenic at night ?
are there all the schizophrenics in town during the night ?
all those people in town who become schizophrenic overnight .
all residents of town , who become schizophrenic overnight ?
all residents of town who become schizophrenic overnight ?
what happens to everyone in town overnight ?
and so many people in town who become schizophrenic overnight ?
are all the people in town on a night of schizophrenia ?
in this town , what happens to a schizophrenic overnight ?
everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight . how can this be true ?
when he attacks the germans , he takes the bullet .
if he insults the germans , he 's gon na shoot .
when he 's insulted by the germans , he 'll shoot .
if he 's offended by the germans , he shoots .
if he 's offended by the germans , he shoots himself .
if i offend the germans , they 'll shoot him .
when he insults the germans , he 'll shoot .
if he 's offended by the germans , he 'll .
when he insults the germans , it 's an open wound .
if they insult the germans , they 'll shoot .
but border is still open .
but border is clear .
but the border is everywhere .
but border everywhere is marked .
but borders overlap .
but there are boundaries !
but there 's a border everywhere .
but border is clear .
but it 's all over the place .
but everyone crosses border .
he has n't abused me !
he 's not abused .
he abused n't me !
he 's not abused .
he 's not abusing .
he 's not my .
he was n't bullying !
he abused me not !
it 's not me .
he abused not mine .
commander remains calm , despite all the difficulties .
commander remains calm in these situations , mr . clarki .
commander remains calm and not afraid of any trouble .
commander remains calm , according to mr clark 's wishes .
leaders to keep quiet when there 's trouble , mr . clark .
commander clark is always calm when there 's trouble .
the commander will remain calm , mr . clark will be fine .
commander is able to keep calm when there is a problem , mr . clark .
commander keeps quiet when there 's trouble , mr . clark .
leaders keeps quiet when there 's trouble , mr . clark .
you wo n't be able to break through these walls .
you wo n't be able to break through these walls .
you wo n't be pushed out of this wall .
you wo n't be able to break through these walls . !
you wo n't break !
you wo n't break . ''
you wo n't be pushed out of the wall . ''
wo n't let you break through the wall .
you 'll be able to get out of the wall now .
he wo n't let you break the wall !
i 'll be proud of him !
i 'll be proud of him !
i 'll be proud of him !
i 'll be proud of him ! '
i 'll give him a great pride .
i 'll be proud of him ! '
i 'll be proud of him !
i 'll be proud of him !
i 'll be proud of him ! '
i 'll be proud of him !
but this choice is wise !
but a decision is wise !
but that 's a very wise decision .
but those decisions are wise .
but that 's wisdom .
but a decision suits him .
but that 's wise choice !
but it 's a choice !
but choices are smart !
but choice makes a good one .
he 's both strange and capable of doing so .
it 's weird but capable of doing it in your head .
it 's weird , but mentally capable of doing it .
she 's weird but capable of doing it .
it 's weird but he 's able to do it .
very strange , but his mind can do it .
it 's weird , but mentally capable of doing it .
it 's weird but mentally capable of doing it .
it 's weird but he has the mind to do it .
it 's weird but he 's got a brain capable of doing it .
our friend and i were looking for a match for the bullet that killed betty .
our friend and i have been ballistics verified that this is the same bullet that killed betty .
according to ballistics , i found a gun that matched betty 's bullet and bullets .
ballistics and i was looking for a gun that matched betty 's bullet .
our friend and i are looking for a gun that matches the bullet that killed betty .
i did ballistics on our friend 's gun and found a bullet that matched betty 's bullet .
ballistics and i found out that betty 's bullet was the same as the bullet that killed him .
i checked out our friend 's gun , and i found the bullet the same as betty 's .
i did ballistics a friend 's gun and found that the bullet was the same as betty 's .
i did ballistics at our friend 's gun and found the bullet exactly where betty was killed .
i only known when he stole the bread from the bakery .
i only known when he stole the bread .
only a loaf of bread did n't steal him .
the only thing i knew was that he had stolen a loaf of bread .
only from the bread he stole , i do n't know what he stole .
i only heard him stealing bread .
only a loaf of bread i did n't know .
i only knew the contents of the bread he had stolen .
i only heard the theft from a loaf of bread .
i was only known that he had stolen a loaf of bread .
in the name of the queen i have detained you .
for the queen , i 'm under arrest .
besides , i have an arrest for the queen .
for the queen i i arrest for you .
in the name of the queen , i have order from the crown .
for the queen 's sake . . . i arrest for you .
for the queen i 'll arrest you .
i 'll arrest you for queen 's sake !
for the queen i have detained you .
that i arrest for the queen 's sake !
and does he live the poor man now ?
and is he the one who lives in the house of the poor ?
and does he live the poor man in his own house ?
and is the poor guy living with him ?
and does he live home today ?
and he lives poor guy ?
and he lives such poor people ?
and now lives the poor guy ?
and does he live with the poor people ?
and he lives in the house of the poor .
to steal a state secret was the only reason frank offered him .
according to frank , he stole a state secret .
stealing a state secret was the only thing frank threw at him .
stealing state secrets is the only thing frank 's got in mind .
stealing a state secret has got frank to take care of him .
stealing from the state secret made frank think of him .
"the theft of state secrets was the only thing frank 's got .
stealing a state secret , he got frank 's idea of him .
stealing a state secret is thought of frank as one of the things .
$1,000 for stealing a state secret was the only thing frank had .
i 'm just torturing him and that 's his murder .
torture him and then he 's gon na be killed .
he tortures him and kills him .
torture him and murder him !
torture him out and he 's gon na kill him .
he tortures and he kills .
he 's torturing him and killing him .
torturing him is my number one thing and murder .
he tortures him and he kills him .
torture him , and that 's all i 've got .
six years ago we were moving .
in six years , we have lived in a total of fifteen cities .
in six years , he 's been living in 15 cities .
six years ago , we lived 15 cities .
in six years , we only lived a small town .
in six years of life , we have been moved to 15 cities .
in six years , we live in 15 cities .
in six years , we lived somewhere in a dozen cities .
in six years , we 've only lived in fifteen cities .
within six years we would have lived in fifteen cities .
we 'll buy something . something to wear .
we 're gon na go shopping . buy something .
we 'll go buy something .
we 'll buy .
we 'll buy something .
we 'll go buy something .
we 're going to buy something .
we 'll buy a few things .
we 'll buy . ''
we 'll buy something . a couple of things .
is n't anyone here ?
is anyone not here ?
is anyone here ?
does anyone live here ?
has n't anyone been ?
was n't that home ?
is anyone here yet ?
is anyone coming back ?
is anyone was here ?
no one at all ?
is anyone here ?
is anyone here yet ?
is anyone here ?
is anyone even there ?
was anyone there ?
does anyone live here ?
is anyone home yet ?
is there anyone ?
does anyone live ?
does anyone even exist ?
did you see his trousers ?
did you see panties ?
did you see his underwear pants ?
did you see i ?
did you check out his pants ?
did you see underwear ? !
did you see his pants '' ?
did you see his fucking pants ?
were you seeing trousers ?
did you see the pants ones ?
we 'll talk in the morning .
will testify tomorrow .
we have one more briefing tomorrow .
we will brief you in the morning . ''
we 'll discuss it in the morning .
will be in court tomorrow .
we'il talk tomorrow morning .
we 'll talk . ''
will be in court tomorrow .
will testify in court tomorrow .
before the shooting , i 'll count to ten .
before the shooting , i 'm counting to ten .
before the shooting , i 'll count to ten .
before i can fire , i 'll count to ten
first i 'll count to ten
first i 'll count to ten .
first i 'm counting to ten
before the shooting , i 'm counting .
before the shooting , i 'm counting to ten .
before i 'm shooting , i 'll count to ten
the surrounding area of fire flared with hydrogen in the form of a fireball .
a cloud of smoke when the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
ignite the cover on fire and in the hydrogen inside the fireball .
the cover comes out on fire with hydrogen in the form of a fireball .
the cover on fire and in the inside of the hydrogen explosion .
the cover of the fireball to engulf the hydrogen in the fireball .
a cloud of hydrogen broke out in the explosion and the fireball .
a cloud of hydrogen burning inside the explosion of the fireball .
a cloud of smoke billowed as the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the cover burned out of the hydrogen that formed the fireball .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
i guess we wo n't be able to determine the price of oil .
we ca n't give them an oil price !
they wo n't be able to determine the price of oil .
it wo n't be possible to determine the price of oil .
i ca n't give them an oil price !
it 's not possible to determine the price of oil .
it 's not possible to determine their oil price .
we ca n't share the price of oil .
it 's completely impossible to determine the price of oil .
my friends . . . are very busy
yeah , my friends are busy .
yeah , my friends are still busy .
my friends , my friends are in a lot of trouble .
my friends are more .
guys , my friends are still .
my friends , who do n't have time .
my friends are still busy !
my friends still have to work .
yeah , my friends were busy .
the shooting and bombings were killed by dozens of members of the gang .
the shooting and bombings have resulted in the death of dozens of members of the gang .
the shooting and explosive attacks were so much killed .
shots and bombs in the area have resulted in dozens of dead members of the gang .
wild shots and bombs have resulted in the death of dozens of members of the gang .
shots and bombs killed over a dozen members of the gang .
shots and bombs have resulted in the death of dozens of members of the gang .
wild and explosive attacks were killed by several members of the gang .
gunfire and bomb attack were killed by several members of the gang .
gunfire and bomb attack had been killed by dozens of members of the gang .
there were n't enough technical glitches .
there were n't too many technical glitches going on .
there were n't enough technical glitches to do .
there were n't enough technical glitches for us .
there have also been too many technical glitches .
there 's not a lot of technical glitches going on .
there were technical glitches elsewhere .
there 's still been a lot of technical glitches .
too many technical glitches have n't been solved .
there were still plenty of technical glitches .
sit here and it will be a mystery to you .
you 'll sit down here and look a little mysterious !
sit there and it will be a mystery to you .
sit down and make it look like it 's a mystery .
sit down there and it will be a mystery to you .
sit here and look a little mysterious !
sit here and look as mysterious as ever !
you 'll sit and look like a mystery !
you 'll sit here as a mystery .
sit down there and look a little mysterious !
i 've heard your movie about the big rain .
i 've heard in your movie that it really rains . . .
i 've heard your movie about big rain . . .
i 've heard your movie says it 's really raining
i 've heard about your movie that it really rains . . .
i heard it 's really raining in your movie .
i 've heard it rains in your movie . . .
i heard it 's really raining in your movie .
i 've heard your movie about the big rain .
i 've heard it rains in your movie .
you all have to do is sit here and look like a mystery .
all right , you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you 're just supposed to sit here and look mysterious . sit down .
you just have it to sit here and look mysterious .
you have to sit here and look mysterious . .
you have to sit here and look mysterious . ''
you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you just have to sit here and look mysterious .
, no , just sit there and look mysterious .
what i 'm saying is that he is n't strong enough .
i do n't mean he was n't strong enough !
i 'm just saying he is n't strong enough .
i do n't think he 's strong enough .
what i 'm saying is that he is n't strong enough .
i do n't mean hard enough that he wo n't be strong enough .
what 's going on is he was n't strong enough .
i just do n't think he 's strong enough .
i do n't tell you he was n't strong enough !
i do n't just mean he was n't strong enough !
he 's and deserves a harsh punishment under the empire 's laws .
he 's and we 'll punish him with an empire law .
he 's a traitor and deserves a sentence in an empire law .
he traitors and condemns the empire 's laws .
we will punish him for the betrayal and the laws of the empire .
he 's a traitor and is therefore subject to an imperial punishment .
he 's committed treason and the empire will punish him accordingly .
he 's a traitor and deserves a sentence as well as an empire law .
he 's both a traitor and a man who will be punished for his crimes .
he 's a traitor and we 'll punish him with an empire law .
yeah , the security is exactly the same as he is .
yeah , the way he 's safe .
alert , the way in which he 's safe .
the security is in full alert !
laying down a full alert as well as his security .
all right , the security is supposed to be .
this is supposed to be his security .
alert , the way he 's safe .
all right , the security is .
this is for his protection .
the headless bodies were dragged to a decaying shed by lucian .
the headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed where lucian lived .
the bare headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed of lucian .
the headless body was dragged away from the decaying shack .
the headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed where lucian lived .
the headless body was dragged to a decaying shed by lucian .
headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed where lucian lived .
headless bodies were dragged into a decaying shed by lucian .
the headless body was dragged into a decaying shed .
the headless body was being dragged into a crumbling shed .
did you ever notice that in the video , the whole thing ?
did you ever notice the videos ?
did you ever notice him still carrying videos ?
did you ever notice him ?
did you ever notice him carrying videos ?
did you ever notice him carrying videos ?
did you ever notice the videos being carried ?
did you ever notice the videos ?
did you ever notice to wear videos ?
did you ever notice him carrying videos ?
his farm and forest will be close to your place .
the farm and forest are located .
his farm and the woods will be close to your place .
his farm is close to yours and adjacent to the woods .
farm and forest are located in the same neighborhood .
farm and forest are adjacent .
the farm and forest are in the same neighborhood .
you 've been close to the farm and the forest in the neighborhood .
his farm and his forest will be located near your house .
they 're close to the farm and adjacent to the woods .
wo n't cothya open a war ?
wo n't cothy open the war ?
does n't it have a war ?
did n't they open a war ?
wo n't we have a war ?
did n't he open the war ?
should n't the war have started ?
has n't war released ?
have n't we unleashed the cothouse ?
does n't war lead to cothysa 's liberation ?
'we 'll go home , will we ? '
'we 'll go , 'he said .
'we 'll go to the house , okay ? '
'we 'll have to go home , okay ? '
'we 'll have a home ! '
'we 'll go . '
'we 'll be going home right away ! '
shall we bring him back home ?
'will we be returning home ? '
shall we go home ? ''
so get my territory from a taiwanese gang .
so i 'll give you a taiwanese gang 's territory .
so please determine the territory .
so , get my share of taiwan 's gang .
so get my territory from a taiwanese gang .
so give me a taiwanese gang 's territory !
so give me a taiwanese gang 's territory !
so i 'll get a taiwanese gang 's territory .
and get my territory from a taiwanese gang .
so i have a territory from a taiwanese gang .
it 's never possible to be so good that you ca n't be a salesman .
it 's impossible to be so great that you ca n't be a salesman .
it 's just not possible . he 's too good to be a salesman .
he 's not capable of being too good for a salesman .
it 's just impossible . he 's too good to be a salesman .
it 's just impossible to be so great as a salesman .
it 's never possible to be so great that you ca n't be a salesman .
it 's completely impossible for someone to be so great that he ca n't be a salesman .
it 's not possible to be so great that you ca n't be a salesman .
it 's completely impossible for someone to be so great that he ca n't be a salesman .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
and he looked like he had a hung mustache .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
he looked like he had a hung mustache .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
he looked as though his moustache had fallen .
it 's as if he had a moustache .
he looks as though his moustache is hanging .
he seemed to have a hung moustache .
she took my slim hand and caress me .
she gave me a slim hand both of her hands and stroked me .
she gave me a slim hand and bent over my shoulder .
she grabbed my little hand and my hand .
she gave me a slim hand and a gentle touch on my shoulder .
she grabbed my slim hand and bent over my shoulder .
she gave me a slim hand and took me by the arm .
she grabbed my skinny arm and groped me .
she grabbed my slim hand and bent over my shoulder .
she grabbed both my slim hands and bent over me .
i do think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i 'm sure they 're really nice guys .
i 'm sure . he 's been a really nice guy .
i think they 're really nice guys . ''
i 'm sure . it seems like they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i i think they 're really nice guys .
the stones were rough and hot as a hot iron in the palm of his hand .
the stones came to their hands and burned like a hot iron .
his hands were rough and hot as a hot iron .
the stones were sharp as a hot iron in the palm of his hand .
the stones were struck by a sharp , hot iron .
the stones were heavy and burned like a hot iron in my hand .
the stones crinkled and burned the palm of his hand like a hot iron .
the stones were rough and they burned like a hot iron in the palm of their hand .
the stones crinkled and burned .
the stones came out of their hands like a hot iron .
that 's dog and schumama !
one little one and now loves the shumama .
he 's and loves schumama !
he likes schumama and everything .
he dogs and loves schumama !
there 's one little dog and very fond of schumama .
loves the shumama and the dog .
that 's dog and little schumama .
he likes and schumama !
he 's neither a dog nor a schumama .
no , he will beg for me , including you !
no , no one can beg me like you !
no one can beg !
no , you ca n't beg for me .
no one will make me beg for anything , not even you !
no , you will beg me not even for yourself .
no one will ever beg me , not even you !
no one will beg me , not even you !
no one can make me beg for anything , not even you !
no , you ca n't beg for me .
there are big differences .
there are differences !
there are very different social issues .
there are very different social issues .
there are differences issues .
there are some fundamental differences .
there are bigger differences .
there are significant differences between them politically .
there are disagreement .
there are significant differences related to social issues .
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda was startled again by the speed to the gate .
garuda was once more shouted at the gate .
garuda was screaming again as he headed for the gate .
garuda cried out at the gate .
garuda was startled by the scream again .
garuda was screaming at him again .
garuda cried out again with a rush to the gate .
if they do n't stop being crazy , i do n 'm going to the bathroom !
so long as everyone does n't act crazy , i do n't come out of the bathroom .
so if they do n't stop behaving like crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom !
i do n't want to go to the bathroom until everyone gets crazy , i 'm not going anywhere !
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't let you go from the bathroom !
if they do n't stop behaving like crazy , i wo n't even come out of the bathroom .
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
if i do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
so if they do n't stop being crazy , i wo n't go !
'who owns those apartments ? 'you found out ?
'who owns those apartments ? 'asked nadir .
'who did you find out who owns those apartments ? 'asked the mage .
'who owns those apartments ? '
'who owns those apartments ? 'asked the mage .
'who do you think owns those apartments ? 'asked the mage .
'who owns those apartments ? '
'who owns those apartments ? 'you know ?
'what do you know about the apartments ? 'she asked .
'who owns those apartments ? 'you know ?
is n't it crying ?
it 's not cry ?
does n't it cry ?
you do n't cry ?
wo n't it cry ?
it does n't cry do it ?
ca n't cry it ?
do n't cry .
it 's not crying .
does n't it cry a lot ?
should n't have spent the last penny on the film .
we should n't gamble for the last penny of the film .
we should n't have invested the last penny in the film .
we should n't gamble .
we should n't gamble . ''
tell us not to spend the last penny on the film .
we should n't be putting the last penny into the film . ''
we should n't give the last penny to the film .
we should n't give the last penny to the film .
we should n't spend the last penny of the film .
a powerful healing power is emerging from love .
the healing power is waking up .
a powerful healing power is beginning to emerge from love .
a powerfulorative energy begins to emerge from love .
a powerful healing power is emerging from love . ''
only a powerful healing power emerges out of love .
the healing power is emerging from love .
a powerful restorative energy is emerging from the love affair .
a powerfulorative energy is emerging .
a powerful healing power is able to emerge from love .
when you get the stones back , you bring in the things .
when you get the stones back , you get everything .
if you get the stones back , you already have the stones .
when you get the stones back , you get to the things .
when you get the stones back , you have to get the things back .
once you have the stones , you have everything .
then get your things over here .
when you took the stone back , you just took it back .
once you 've got the stones , you 'll have everything .
if you get the stones back , you have everything .
they have called out applications from different customers for a refund of the turnover tax .
they rejected all the applications from other customers for a refund of the turnover tax .
they rejected the tax refunds on the basis of the requests made by other customers .
they have turned down applications from other customers for a refund of the turnover tax .
they have rejected from other customers the application for a refund of the turnover tax .
they have rejected applications from other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
they rejected all those on the basis of the requests of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
they rejected the applications of other customers for a refund of the turnover tax .
they gave up their applications .
they have turned away with applications from other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
jen started working on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers
jen had started a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers
jen has started working on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers
jen started lengthy to help brilliant lawyers
jen started a long process to help brilliant lawyers
jen started that long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers
jen was involved in a long process of judicial help for excellent lawyers
jen has been working on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers
jen started late in the process of helping great lawyers
jen started working on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers ,
what are you , an idiot ?
're an idiot .
, that 's an idiot .
what an idiot you are , you have to be !
what an idiot you are !
what do you mean . . .
what a fool i am is stupid !
what do you mean , dumb ?
what you 're doing is an incredible fool .
what do you think stupid ?
someday spacecraft can travel to another planet .
someday spacecraft will travel .
someday space will travel to another planet .
someday there are two .
someday our spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
someday in 20 years our spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
someday spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
there may be a day in which our ship will be able to land on another planet .
someday spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
there will be a day in which our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
we wo n't compensate the accused for their damage .
we wo n't compensate .
we wo n't compensate . ''
we wo n't be compensating for your damage .
we wo n't pay the costs of the accused .
we wo n't pay compensation .
we wo n't be compensating the defendant for damage . ''
we wo n't pay for damages to the accused .
we wo n't compensate the accused for their damage .
we wo n't compensate the accused for their damage . !
divulging military affairs does n't apply to me .
divulging military affairs does n't allow me .
relating to the military 's affairs without my permission .
reporting on military affairs is not possible .
divulging does n't warrant my permission .
publishing the army 's affairs is not permission from me .
reporting on military affairs ca n't be my place .
talk about military affairs is beyond my authority !
to disclose the military 's affairs is beyond my authority .
reporting on military affairs is not entirely possible .
he needs 18 months to get over it .
he gets 18 months back from his recovery .
he gets 18 months after his recovery .
in 18 months he will be recovered .
they have 18 months ahead of them .
he recovers 18 of them .
they 'll be fine . 18 months .
in 18 months he will be able to recover .
in 18 months , he 'll be out of it .
in 18 months he 'll recover from her .
we 'll argue .
we 'll have a fight in court .
we will argue in court . ''
we 'll argue in court .
we 'll argue . ''
we 'll be arguing in court .
we 're arguing in court .
we 'll have a fight in court . a courthouse .
then we have court . ''
let 's talk in court .
his crime 's being tried .
his crime was attempting .
his crime is being tried for the sake of the judges .
his offence is attempted murder !
his offence 's been attempted .
his offence is attempted to kill the judge .
his crime is intimidating .
his offence is set up .
the judge 's being murdered .
the defendant 's been attempting a murder charge .
pretty bad if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
bad enough when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
bad as it is when a man like tom van ends up like this .
bad enough if a guy like tom van gets away with it .
bad for a guy like tom van to end up like that .
more bad if a guy like tom van ends up like him .
pretty bad if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
bad if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
bad , if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
worse to end up with a guy like tom van like that .
mrs . spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
one agent spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
agents spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
the police seem to have made a mistake .
the commissioner seems to have made a mistake .
one thing seems to be agent spikings ' fault .
the commissioner does seem to have made a mistake .
the agent spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
the commissioner seems to have made a mistake with mr . spikings .
bring bread with mr pontail !
buy mr pontaila bread for him .
bring mr pontail 's bread to him .
bring bread with mr pontail !
bring mr pontail 's bread for him .
bring mr . pontail a loaf of bread .
bring bread for mr pontail ! ''
bring bread to mr . pontail !
bring mr pontail one loaf of bread .
so bring the bread to mr pontail .
we 'll record .
he will . ''
we 'll remove . . . official records .
he 'll disappear . ''
we 'll delete all the official records . nothing more .
we 'll release him from all official records .
he 's officially reporting .
we 'll clean him up from all official records .
we 'll release him from all official records .
he 'll be removed from all official records .
everyone . calm down .
everybody . calm down .
everybody calm down !
everybody . calm down !
everybody . calm down .
everyone to calm down .
everybody . calm down .
now , everyone , calm down .
everyone calm down .
just calm down !
after all , it 's a cost of 2,000 standards .
about 2,000 standards , let 's take a look at the food costs .
in this case , roughly two thousand standards cost .
about 2,000 standards for which the food is so expensive .
at a minimum two thousand standards we have food and at the same time the total cost . . . that food is going to cost .
by weight 2,000 they cost food .
about 2,000 standards , which is what the food costs . . .
for us these are about 2,000 standard food costs .
that 's 2,000 for the food .
by 2,000 , the food costs 700 .
did you speak that way with a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
did you speak out of a lawyer or judge ?
were you talking about a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
did he put a prosecutor 's lawyer or judge 's word on it ?
did you have advice from a prosecutor or a judge ?
were you talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
did you speak with a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
have you spoken with a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
did you speak out of a lawyer or judge ?
have you spoken with a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
you do know what every wannabe knight says ?
you know what every brave knight says . . . ''
you know what every wannabe knight says ?
you know . everyone says this to wannabe knights .
you know . . . this is what every wannabe knight says .
you know what every wannabe knight says . . .
you know what every wannabe knight says ? !
they 're all saying , wannabe knights do n't do it !
you know every wannabe knight says this . . .
you know everyone says this wannabe knight .
before they all go crazy , no one 'll ever get out of my bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going back to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
when they all stop being crazy , i 'm not interested in the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i wo n't even know how to use the bathroom .
i 'm not going to go to the bathroom before they all go crazy , i do n't want to go .
before they all go crazy , i 'll never leave the bathroom !
before they all go crazy , no one can come out of the bathroom !
before they all go crazy , i wo n't be out of the bathroom !
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda screamed as soon as he reached the gate .
garuda was startled again by the speed to the gate .
garuda was once more shouted at the gate .
garuda was screaming again as he headed for the gate .
garuda cried out at the gate .
garuda was startled by the scream again .
garuda was screaming at him again .
garuda cried out again with a rush to the gate .
they 've been subjected to a test that was decided .
they 're going to have to go through a test , which was decided .
they 're going to have to go through some tests . they 've decided .
they 've got to go through some tests , which was decided .
they 've had to go through some tests . ''
they had to go through a test , which was decided . ''
they 've got to go through some tests . ''
they had to go through a test , which was decided .
they 're supposed to go through some tests , which we have decided .
they have to go through the tests they have decided '' .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try it . ''
i do n't think i did n't try . ''
no , i was n't trying .
, no , i did n't try .
no , i did n't try .
i 'm worse off now .
i 'm even worse off now .
i 'm still worse off .
it 's even gotten worse with me !
he 's fucking worse off than me !
he 's got a lot worse .
it 's worse now i 've been beaten .
he 's gotten worse with me now !
now i 'm even worse off .
you 've gotten worse with me .
but now i 'm really hard to forgive .
but i 'm really sorry for what i did .
but i 'm really hard to forgive myself for this .
and i 'm really hard to forgive myself for this .
but i 'm really hard to forgive myself for what i did .
but i feel terrible that i have to forgive myself .
and i 'm getting hard .
but i still do n't want to forgive myself .
but it is difficult to forgive myself for what i have done .
but it is difficult to forgive myself for this .
we 'll put our bodies together . heat up .
put your bodies in a huddle to keep warm .
we 'll be huddled together for warmth .
get your bodies out of here for warmth !
we 'll huddle . ''
we 'll huddle .
we 'll hide in a huddle for warmth .
we 're gon na huddle together . get some heat .
then we warm up on our bodies .
we 'll huddle together and keep warm . ''
'does n't that sound like a fight or a cry ? 'asked the mage .
'you do n't mean a fight or a cry ? 'asked the mage .
said there was no sound of fighting or even crying . . .
'does n't that sound like a fight or a cry ? '
'you said , is n't there a cry or a fight ? '
'did n't you say anything about fighting and crying ? '
'do you say they did n't cry or fight ? '
'have you told me you did n't hear any screaming or crying ? '
'is that what you said there was no screaming or crying ? '
'is that what you said there was no screaming or crying ? '
there 's not going to be a solution to our screaming .
there 's gon na be no yelling for us .
screaming is n't going to solve anything .
screaming does n't help solve anything .
screaming is n't going to solve anything .
screaming does n't solve anything .
screaming a lot does n't help us solve anything .
screaming wo n't solve anything .
screaming is n't going to solve anything .
screaming '' is n't helping .
shore 's out of the mountains !
there 's coastline .
there 's a coastline .
shore 's out of the mountains !
shore 's right in front of the mountains !
there 's a coastline .
there 's a mountain 's coastline .
shore 's off to the mountains !
there 's the mountains !
shore 's over .
we have one more cup of ice .
we need . . . ice and cups ready !
we do have to prepare ice and cups !
come and get me some ice and cups !
let 's get some ice and cups ready !
we have to prepare ice cream . it 's freezing .
we need ice and a cup of drinks ready !
we have to prepare a cup of ice .
we have plenty of ice and cups ready !
we should go and prepare .
is it drugs or alcohol ?
is it possible i 'm addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
does he have a drug or a drink ?
like any addicts or alcoholics in me ?
can he be a drug addict or a drinker ?
taking drugs or alcohol ? i guess .
does he look alcoholic or drug addicted ?
and i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ? ''
i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
can he be a drug addict or a drinker ?
has anyone bad looked ?
has anyone looked bad ?
is anyone ill ?
is anyone not right ?
did anyone else look ?
did anyone look bad ?
does anyone look ?
does anyone look bad ?
did bad happen ?
seems like a bad thing ?
did you get medicine ?
did you take ritchie 's medication ? ''
did you brought medicine ?
did you have roy 's medicine '' ?
did you take on medication ?
did you get medicine ?
did you bring roy 's medication ?
did you bring ritchie medication ?
did you take that ?
did you get your medicine ?
the dilithium can also be re crystallised without external help , even though control at molecular levels has not been successful .
the dilithium can also be re crystallised without external help even though control at molecular level has not been performed .
the dilithium can still crystallize independently of external help , even if control at molecular levels fails .
the dilithium can still not crystallize without external help , even though control at molecular levels has not been successful .
the dilithium can also be re crystallised without external help , even though control at molecular levels has not been successful .
the dilithium can also re crystallize without external help and fail to control the molecular level .
the dilithium can still crystallize without external help , even though control at molecular levels has not been successful .
the dilithium can not crystallize further without external help , even if control of the molecular level has failed .
the dilithium may not be re crystallised without external help , even if control at molecular levels fails .
the dilithium can not crystallize further if the molecular control of the molecular level has not been successful .
did you speak out of a lawyer or judge ?
were you talking to a prosecutor or a judge ?
were you talking about a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
did you speak out of a lawyer or judge ?
were you talking to a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you talk to a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you get spoken to by a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you put a prosecutor 's attorney or judge 's lawyer in there ?
did you speak with a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you speak with a prosecutor or a judge ?
beating the japanese every day needs healthy people .
beating the japanese is a very important factor in his health .
beating the japanese is something vital to his health .
winning over the japanese daily is one big healthy thing .
beating the japanese on a daily basis requires an overall health .
hitting the japanese daily is a healthy condition .
wrestling with the japanese is a healthy condition .
beating the japanese daily requires him to be healthy .
to defeat the japanese daily is needed to maintain his overall health .
beating the japanese is something needed for his overall health .
he 's taking the virginity and he takes the ones who have broken their promises .
he wants to take the virginity and he takes the ones who have broken their promises .
he takes the virginity and he takes those who have broken their promises .
he took what he promised and he 's taking what he did n't .
he takes and he takes those who have broken their promises .
he 's taking a virgin and he 'll be taking those who have broken his promise !
he takes the virginity and takes the ones who have broken their promises .
he takes them home and he takes those who have broken their promises .
he took the virginity , and he takes the ones who broke his promise .
he takes a virgin and he takes those who have broken their promises .
i 'm sure dolores did what she 's been doing for years .
i 'm sure dolores did what she 's been doing for years .
i 'm sure dolores did what she 's been doing for years .
in my opinion , i think dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i do believe dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i have faith that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
in my opinion , i think dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i have the impression that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i 'm sure dolores did what she did for years .
i 'm telling you , dolores did exactly what she did for years .
and only 10 weeks are it ?
only 10 or so . . . come to us in 10 weeks .
and 10 weeks till it 's over .
10 weeks and more !
ten and ten weeks will be enough for us .
10 weeks later and we wo n't be alone .
10 more weeks , and we 'll be fine !
only and it 's gon na be 10 weeks .
another 10 weeks and we 'll be together !
10 weeks plus .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
i was tired of visiting you at night .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
i was tired of visiting you at night .
i was sick of the evening visits .
i was tired of visiting you at night .
you 're tired of my evening visits .
i really tired of visiting you at night .
i was n't tired of visiting you at night .
someone named tutankhamen .
someone said cartuche tutankhamen 's name .
someone named cartuche tutankhamen .
someone named tutankhamen . ''
someone named tutankhamen . . .
someone named tutankhamen .
someone named cartuche tutankhamen .
someone named her .
someone had named a cartuche tutankhamen .
someone named it .
there are presidential elections .
there are presidential elections .
presidential elections take place today .
there are presidential elections .
presidential elections take place .
presidential election takes place .
there are no presidential elections .
there are no presidential elections .
there 's a presidential election underway .
there are elections today in the presidential election .
no one ever taught you out ?
nobody ever teach a man .
no one 's ever gon na teach you ?
no one 's ever taught a man in a wheelchair ?
nobody ever taught a man .
no one ever knows how to speak ?
no one 's ever taught about talking ?
no one 's ever taught you like that ?
no one 's ever taught you .
nobody 's ever teaching a word ?
can your weapons shoot underwater waters ?
are your weapons burning ?
can your weapons fire ?
your weapons are shooting .
can you shoot your guns ?
do your weapons fire it ?
your weapons are burning out ?
does your gun have any bullets ?
your weapons will fire .
your weapons are shooting underwater .
there 's not fucking girl .
there 's not a damn girl .
there 's not fucking anything to trace the girl .
there 's not fucking traces .
there 's not a trace .
there 's not a one year old girl .
there 's no damn girl trail !
there 's not anything .
it 's not the damn girl trail .
it 's not even a damn girl .
go , that 's why you have to go back to the bull !
hurry up so you can get to the bull faster !
hurry up , if you have to .
go faster , if you have to .
pick it up so you can go back to the bull faster .
hurry up with what you have to do .
return to the bull as quickly as you can .
hurry up ! you have to do this .
go for the bull faster . it 's necessary .
that 's ' cause you have to go back to the bull faster !
are n't those right ?
is n't it right ?
is n't it true ?
are n't you right ?
are n't these true ?
is n't this right ?
is n't it ?
is n't it ?
is n't it right ?
is n't it really true ?
did you check her box at her grandmother 's , leaving her here ?
did you check your grandma 's box to keep an eye on her ?
did your grandmother check it out in the stables ?
did you go see grandma in the stables ?
check the box on grandma 's stables , did she not leave it with you ?
did your grandmother leave her in the stables ?
did you check it out when grandma was in the stables ? ''
did you check her box at her grandmother 's stables ?
did you check her box even if she was in the stables she did n't show up ?
did you check her box at her grandmother 's stables ?
we 've underestimated how hard it is to cover the books .
we 've got a little understated how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
we did n't realise how difficult it was to make a cover for the book .
we 've been wrong about how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
we 've been wrong about how hard it is to cover the book .
we 've been underestimated how hard it is to cover the books .
oh , we were underestimated how hard it was to cover the book .
we 've underestimated how hard it is to cover the books .
we 've underestimated how hard it is to cover the books .
we 're worried about how hard it is to cover the book .
the boy was who died in an attack on the terrorists .
the boy thought he had died in an attack on the terrorists .
the boy was believed that he had died in an attack on the terrorists .
the boy thought he had died in a terrorist attack . ''
the boy had to die in an attack on the terrorists .
the boy was waiting for the terrorists to die .
the boy is believed that he died in an attack on the terrorists .
one terrorist said the boy had died in an attack .
the boy is believed that he died in an attack on a terrorist group . ''
the boy believed he had died in an attack on the terrorists .
and one of the women who worked at the house was also killed .
and the woman who worked at the house next door was on the run .
and one of the women who worked at the house was on the run .
and the woman who worked at the house next door was killed .
and one of the women who worked at the house next door killed .
and one of the women who worked at the adjacent house tried to kill herself .
and one of the maids at the house was killed .
and the woman who worked at the house next door , she also committed suicide .
and what was working at the house next door , too .
and the woman who worked at the house next door also committed suicide .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll give you a couple of drinks .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots . ''
i 'll take a few shots too .
the protections of businesses are provided by the european commission in order to protect consumers from fraudulent marketing
the protections of businesses increase europe 's commission
safeguards for businesses europe 's commission
protections for businesses rely on europe 's commission , which is in charge of combating fraudulent marketing
the protection of businesses is carried out by the european commission in the light of the marketing scam
the protection of businesses by the european commission ensures
the protection of businesses is put in place by the european commission in order to protect consumers from fraudulent marketing
the protection of businesses is promoted by the european commission in order to combat fraud on the market
european commissions are working on measures to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing
the companies are building up the european commission 's protection in order to protect themselves from fraudulent marketing
in that respect , my view is that north shaolin sees its enemies as his patron .
from my point of view , their view is the north shaolin 's enemies of their benefactor .
from my point of view , the north shaolin is going to consider its enemies to be its patron .
for me , north shaolin is thinking of his enemies as his patron .
in my view , it is the view of the north shaolin that its enemies regard as their patron .
in my view , it looks like the north shaolin 's enemies regarded him as their patron .
in that respect , my view would be the north shaolin 's enemies regarded him as their patron .
in my view , he considers his enemy .
in my view , north shaolin 's interest in its enemies is a great and powerful patron .
in my view , it is the opinion that north shaolin considers his enemies to be his patron .
is there a way to find out if anyone was doing it deliberately ? ''
is there any chance of finding out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
is there a way to say if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
is there a way to find out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
is there any way for anyone to know if he was doing it deliberately ?
can anyone know for sure if anyone did it deliberately ?
is it possible for anyone to say if he did it deliberately ? ''
does anyone know if anyone was doing this deliberately ? ''
would anyone be able to say if anyone had done it deliberately ?
is there a way to find out if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
all you can see is change your information right now .
all you have to do is show us your information .
all you can see is change .
all you can see is change your information .
the only thing that can be changed is your information .
only information that can be changed has a view .
all you can see is your views .
the only thing that can be changed is it .
all you have to see is change your information to look like this .
the only difference is you 're changing your information .
ca n't you talk right out of this ?
are n't even any more of a talk ?
do n't even talk to me anymore ?
do n't talk about it any more .
do n't tell me anymore about this now ?
do n't tell me about him now ?
are n't you even gon na talk about this ?
do n't talk anymore to me ?
do n't even tell me about this ?
do n't talk anymore about this ?
and in the meantime , he 's always smoking an hour .
and it always takes an hour of smoking .
and he smokes here for hours .
and smoke it all right for an hour .
and he 's smoking out there for an hour .
and yet everyone is smoking for hours .
and he 's smoking an hour anyway .
and smoking always goes on for an hour .
and smoking for hours is still there .
and now he 's smoking here for an hour .
sharon is saying they do n't treat him well enough , sharon says .
it 's hard . sharon did n't even say it .
sharon is adamant that he is n't strong enough for them .
sharon is so adamant that he is n't strong enough for them .
sharon is still adamant that he is n't strong enough .
sharon is adamant that he is n't strong enough .
enough to do it , sharon says .
sharon has continued to say he is n't strong enough , as sharon says .
sharon has told me he is n't strong enough and he does n't talk to them .
sharon is still adamant that he is n't strong enough .
but now she had no idea .
but miranda was of no idea at the moment .
but there was no idea .
but miranda had no idea at the moment .
but now the miranda had no idea .
however , miranda was unsure now .
but miranda had no idea at the moment .
now miranda was unsure exactly .
but miranda had no idea at the moment .
but then she had no idea .
i just grew up !
i was growing up alone !
i grew up alone ! '
i had to grow up on my own .
so i grown up alone ?
i grew it up !
i had to grow up on my own .
i 've grown up on my own .
i was raised on my own .
i had to grow up on my own .
restructurings and restructurments of businesses are usually related , up to date .
restructuring and restructuring of businesses are usually common .
financial restructuring and organisational restructuring measures and generally takes place this time .
both financial restructurings and restructured businesses are usually in parallel .
financial restructurings usually take place and restructured businesses .
restructurings and restructuring activities are usually performed in parallel .
the financial restructurings and restructures of businesses are also common , up to date .
a financial restructuring and organisational restructuring occur in parallel .
restructuring and restructuring , and usually business is carried out simultaneously .
restructurings and restructuring activities occur in parallel .
they all love my girl .
the girls have my heart !
those are my love girls !
the girly girls have my love .
the girl 's the one with the ponytail .
the girl is my best one .
the girls have my favourite hairstyle .
the girls have my favorites .
my girl 's one of my favorites .
today 's girls have the curls .
you have your beautiful lips on your lips and on your cheeks .
you have a beautiful face on your lips , a rouble on your cheeks .
you have roubles on your lips and on your cheeks and on the lips of the beauty .
you have roubles on your lips and cheeks ,
you have beautiful roubles , on your lips and on your cheeks .
you 're drawn to your lips , your cheeks , your lips .
you 're beautiful , the roubles on your lips and your cheeks .
they draw you on your lips and on your cheeks and on the lips of beauty
you have roubles on your lips and your cheeks for the beauty .
you have roubles on your lips and your cheeks , beautiful ,
moreover , the participation in sport may be able to prevent a large number of diseases .
in particular , the sports can prevent many diseases .
moreover , a large number of illnesses may be prevented if they take part in sport .
in addition , a wider range can be prevented from participating in sport .
moreover , many diseases in sport can be prevented if they participate .
moreover , the sports activities may be prevented from causing widespread disease .
moreover , the sport can prevent a large number of disease complications .
most of all , sports can be prevented from spreading disease .
moreover , many diseases may be prevented to participate in sport .
moreover , the sport may be able to prevent a large number of diseases .
such implementing rules should be set out in the maximum possible flexibility .
such rules should provide .
such rules should be able to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
such legislative provisions should be set out in the maximum possible flexibility .
these legislative provisions should be able to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
should be set up for the maximum possible flexibility .
should be set up by these rules as flexible as possible . ''
in addition , these rules should be able to provide maximum possible flexibility .
such rule rules should be set out in the maximum possible flexibility .
must be adapted to the rules as flexible as possible .
you do n't look scared !
do n't be afraid !
you 're scared !
you 're not dying .
do n't be afraid ! '
you 're not scared . ''
you 're not scared .
you 're not afraid !
do n't worry !
do n't worry . ''
'you think what you 're saying is confusing . '
'you think what you 're saying is confusing . '
'you think that what you 're saying is confusing . '
'you think what you 're saying is confusing , 'said the prisoner .
'you 're confusing me with what you 're saying , 'said the prisoner .
'you have a strange thing to say about what you 're saying . 'captain said .
'you 're confusing me with what you 're talking about ! '
'you seem to have confused me . '
'that 's what you 're talking about is confusing me , 'said prisoner .
'you think that 's confusing , 'said the captive .
he 's said he 'll cancel the ban .
according to him , the ban is lifted .
he 's saying he 'll cancel the ban .
he 's said the ban will be lifted
he says he 's going to cancel that ban .
according to him , he is committed to lifting the ban .
he said he would cancel the ban
according to him , he abolished prohibition .
he says he 's going to cancel that ban
it says that ban will be lifted .
the demonic force ca n't hurt you with the sword in your hand .
the demonic force will not interfere with you when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force wo n't let you get hurt when you have the sword on your hip .
the demonic will not interfere with you when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force wo n't be hurt if you have the sword on your hip .
the demonic force wo n't be able to hurt you when you have the sword at your side .
the demonic force wo n't hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
the sword wo n't be able to hurt you when it 's on your hip .
you wo n't be able to hurt yourself with that blade on your hip .
the demonic force will never interfere with you when you have the sword at your side .
grandma , please leave dr . lo alone because he knows what he 's doing !
grandma , we 'll see what dr .
grandma , give him a break . he knows what he 's doing !
grandma . dr . lo assures us that he does n't do it .
grandma , let dr . lo be , let him be .
grandma ! dr . lo knows what he 's doing !
grandma , we 'll leave dr lo alone and find out what he 's doing !
grandma , he knows he 's going to do it !
grandma , she 's gon na let dr .
grandma , dr . lo knows what he 's doing to you !
a huge black wolf sat at his side .
the great black wolf sat down .
a great black wolf was seated beside him .
the great black wolf sat a short distance from him .
a great black wolf sat at his side .
a large , black dog sat a short distance from him .
a huge dog was seated next to him .
a large black wolf was seated beside him .
the big dog sat down next to him .
a large , wolfish dog sat at his side .
and i was at the same time not impressed by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
and even in that moment , i felt a strange sense of loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
and i just thought it was beautiful that she had such a special loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
but i was impressed not by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before . ''
but i did n't just get her beauty , i felt a strange loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
and it really impressed me not only by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
but i was n't impressed by her beauty , because she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
but i was impressed not by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
and it was n't a beauty that struck me , rather , an extraordinary loneliness in the eyes that no one had ever seen before .
and it struck me not by her beauty , but by the fact that she had such a peculiar loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
are you responsible for the security of the customer ? ''
are you responsible for the safety of the customer ?
are you responsible for the safety of the customer ?
does it be appropriate to assume responsibility for the safety of the customer ?
does that mean responsible to the security of the customer ?
is it responsible for the security of the customer ?
will you be responsible for the safety of the customer ?
are you really responsible for the safety of customers ?
is your duty responsible for the safety of our customers ?
do you have a responsibility responsible for the safety of customers ?
he looked my way as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he looked up my eyes as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he looked my way as if i had a brain scan .
he looked my way as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he looked my way as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he looked my way when he stroked my mind .
he looked my eyes as if i had a brain scan .
he looked up my face when he stroked my mind .
he looked my eyes in the eye as if i had a brain scan .
he looked my way in the eye as he stroked my brain with a pencil .
new artists came out .
new artists were appearing at the beginning of the 1970s .
new artists came out of the 1970s .
new artists were born .
new artists began to appear at the beginning of the 1970s .
new artists were born at the beginning of the 1970s .
new artists appeared .
new artists emerged when the 1970s came .
new artists were born early in the 1970 s .
there were new artists .
sorry i 'm sick .
i 'm sorry you 're not feeling better .
i 'm most sorry .
and i 'm sorry .
i have nothing better to apologize for .
i 'm sorry for not feeling better .
sorry i 'm not good for you .
i 'm not sorry .
i 'm sorry for not feeling better . ''
i 'm sorry you 're not better .
francesca sabatini was as calm as possible .
francesca sabatini was able to keep quiet and calm .
francesca sabatini was calm throughout their meeting .
francesca was calm and unobtrusive throughout their meeting .
francesca sabatini was calm .
francesca sabatini kept her meetings calm and calm .
francesca sabatini was calm throughout taking part in the meeting .
the francesca sabatini was calm and unobtrusive throughout their meeting .
francesca sabatini had been calm and calm throughout their meeting .
francesca sabatini was calm .
her biggest wish was that he would kiss her for the first time .
her biggest wish is to kiss him for the first time .
the biggest thing is to kiss him for the first time .
the biggest thing would be to kiss him for the first time .
the biggest thing is he 'll give him his first kiss .
the biggest wish was his first kiss on his neck .
most of all she 's wanted to kiss him .
one big wish kissed him .
at least she should have kissed him for the first time .
her biggest wish is that he will kiss her for the first time .
well , my sex chances will be greatly reduced by wilson .
well , wilson 's gon na make me a lot less likely to have sex .
well , wilson will be greatly reduced by my chances of getting married .
wilson will do much more to reduce my chances of getting married .
wilson will be significantly less likely to have sex with me .
well , wilson will lead to a significant reduction in my chances of getting married .
wilson will come to my sex life significantly less .
wilson will be significantly less likely to have sex .
wilson will be significantly less likely to have sex with me .
will reduce my chances of having sex with him .
she looked surprised langdon in the eye .
she gave langdon surprised glances .
she looked surprised at langdon .
she looked surprised at langdon .
she looked puzzled at langdon .
she gave langdon surprised glances .
he exchanged surprised glances .
he exchanged surprised look .
she gave langdon surprised .
she gave langdon 's surprised look .
did n't hear about that ?
did you not hear ?
ever hear of him ?
did n't you hear about her ?
have n't you heard of him ?
did you ever hear ?
did you ever hear about him ?
did n't you hear ?
were n't you hearing ?
did you ever hear ?
a girl is suspected of ' one ' . when she gets into trouble .
everyone suspects an ex wife when she gets into trouble .
everyone suspects an ex wife who 's got problems . ''
a girl 's ex wife is the only one who 's suspicious of her .
one ex wife is a girl who everyone suspects .
everyone suspects an ex when the girls are in trouble .
everyone suspects a friend of yours when he gets into trouble .
everyone always suspects an ex wife when she gets into trouble .
a friend he 's dating is everyone 's suspect in the girl 's problems .
someone 's ex wife is the first one to suspect when the girls are in trouble .
is grady gon na let negotiation go ?
does grady agree with our negotiation ?
has grady consented for negotiation ?
does grady agree to negotiate ?
is grady talking about negotiation ?
is grady consenting for negotiation ?
did grady agree so ?
was grady talking about negotiation ?
did grady in negotiations with you ?
did grady agree to a negotiation ?
there are significant differences in estimates .
there are differences estimates .
there are very different estimates .
there are differences in estimates of different stakeholders .
there are disagreement estimates .
there are very different estimates among interested parties .
there are significant differences between estimates of different stakeholders .
there are disagreement .
there are significant differences in estimates among interested parties .
there are some significant differences .
because i 'm tough , i 're not good for you .
i 'm a tough guy , you 're not happy .
for my weakness , i 'm not worthy of you .
i 'm tough , you 're not gon na love me .
if i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me .
i 'm hard , are n't i ?
i 'm a tough guy , do n't i ?
i 'm hard , i 're not going to like you .
because i 'm tough , it 's not possible .
because you 're not gon na love me .
did they take the snacks ?
did he take the snacks boxes ?
did the snacks take ?
were they the snacks ?
were the snacks taken ?
did he take the snack bags ?
did their snacks go ?
did snacks take this ?
did they snacks go ?
did you get their snacks ?
there are indications that there are serious failings in the security system .
there are demonstrating evidence of serious failings in the security system .
there are clear indications that the security system is characterised by serious shortcomings .
there have been significant shortcomings in the security system .
there are clear signs of serious shortcomings in the security system .
there are serious failings in the security system .
there have been clear indications that there are serious failings in the security system .
there have been clear signs of serious shortcomings in the security system .
there are serious shortcomings in the security systems underpinned by the facts .
there are clear signs of security systems , there are serious failings .
you know what doogie howser is ?
you know what doogie howser is ?
you 're kidding !
you know doogie howsera ?
you know doogie howser .
are you seeing doogie howser ?
do you have all the doggies ?
you know . ''
you know the doorknapping ?
are you seeing doogie howser ?
put him in for more than a decade ?
did he keep his things ?
has he stayed in his apartment for more than 10 years ?
did he keep up his things ?
were they here for more than a decade ?
did he keep his stuff for 10 years ?
were they moving things ?
has he stayed with his stuff for more than 10 years ?
did he things stay for more than a decade ?
were they in years ?
within two seconds , the enemy had arrived at their place .
in a few seconds , there were enemies in the area .
within a few seconds , they were surrounded by enemies .
in a couple of seconds came hostile forces .
in a couple of seconds , an enemy entered the scene .
in a couple of seconds , the enemy appeared .
in a few seconds , there was an enemy .
within two seconds , they already had an enemy .
within two seconds , something had happened to the enemy .
in a couple of seconds there were enemies in the area .
i 'm so stupid ?
are you stupid i 'm doing this ?
are i so stupid ?
are i so stupid ?
and am i stupid ?
and i 'm stupid ?
because i 'm stupid ?
am i being silly ?
are those idiots my ?
i 'm so stupid ? ''
did your beloved friend kill her ?
did she feel sad about her life ?
i 'm sorry . what was your friend 's life doing ?
was she sad about losing her life ?
was it sad that your girlfriend had lost her life ?
did she kill your friend ?
a little sad loss of a friend killed her .
was it sad that your girlfriend had lost her life ?
was she sad about losing her life ?
did she die sad ?
is your pain painful ?
does your pain go crazy ?
does pain make you crazy ?
do you feel bad about pain ?
is it weird , pain ?
are you guys crazy ?
hey , are you crazy ?
hey , is n't he enjoying the pain ?
do you ? are you happy to suffer ?
hey , is your pain good ?
the insulting germans they take the bullet
the germans will take the bullet
insulting germans that means shooting
offensive germans mean you shoot
insulting germans will mean
so insulting germans meant taking the bullet
offensive germans to take a bullet
the insulting germans would have taken the bullet
insults that would mean taking a bullet
the germans want to take the bullet
successful operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
the selected operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
stopping operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
the successful operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
the rescue operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
the success of our mission is due to a sniper rifle .
the rescue operation will be able to be achieved using a sniper rifle .
the success of this operation is due to a sniper rifle !
the answer to your sniper 's gun is successful .
our success one be able to use a sniper rifle .
can there be no nuclear weapons ?
ca n't they produce any nukes ?
ca n't they make nuclear weapons ?
ca n't they produce any nukes ?
people are incapable of producing nuclear weapons , huh ?
can humans be nuclear ?
they ca n't produce nuclear weapons , right ?
does he ever have any nuclear weapons ?
are n't there people ?
individual people can do n't produce nuclear weapons , right ?
does god ever stop the miracles ?
does it ever have any miraculous ends ?
are n't there miracles ?
does magic ever have ends ?
are n't there any miracles in the world ?
never mind ending miracles ?
does it ever have a miracle ending ?
does miracle ever have an ending ?
will there ever be any miracles ?
is n't there a miracle ?
the flechtte struck the helmet .
his helmets and feet were hitting with flecks .
the helmet and leg flechtec is knocked to the ground by the flechctte .
the helmet and feet are crushed by the flecks .
his helmets and feet are crushed by the flecks .
the helmet and foot are flecked .
the helmet and feet were struck by the flecks .
flechtec and helmet are hitting !
the helmet and foot collide with the flecks .
the helmet and leg collided with the flecks .
there are four other roads .
there are four others .
there are four other four places at the entrance to the village .
there 's four other roads .
there are four others at the entrance to the village .
there are four .
there are four more at the entrance to the village .
there 's four others at the entrance to the village .
there are four more at the entrance to the village .
there 's four next door .
so many employers there are less employers offering something similar to defined benefit pensions .
such pension is something similar to a defined benefit pension , which is therefore offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
such pensions represent something akin to defined benefit pensions , which , in contrast , offer only a small part of employers .
so something like defined benefit pension is available to an even smaller part of the employer .
so private sector employers will receive something similar to defined benefit pensions .
so many employers perceive that they are offering something similar to defined benefit pensions .
so many employers offer about the same pension as defined benefits .
therefore , less employment is offered by something similar to defined benefit pensions .
so low participation will be offered by a smaller part of the employer as a pension scheme .
so something is similar to a pension scheme that only a small part of employers offer .
therefore , the examination had been performed on how many doses were administered to animals .
therefore , an experimental dose was assessed .
therefore , an examination was conducted .
therefore , an examination was conducted on how many doses were administered to animals .
therefore , the checks were aimed at how many doses were administered to animals .
therefore , a detailed examination has been performed on how many doses have been administered to animals .
therefore , an examination was performed on how many doses were administered to animals .
therefore , an examination has been carried out on how many doses have been administered to animals .
therefore , a detailed examination was conducted on the amount of doses administered to animals .
therefore , the examination was examining .
it must be safe to make sure someone is watching you .
you need someone to keep an eye on you .
you have to make sure someone is looking behind your back .
someone must be careful to watch your back .
you have to make sure someone is looking behind you .
you have to take care of yourself . someone will be watching you .
you have to make sure someone is looking behind you . .
you should make sure someone is looking behind your back .
someone should be looking behind your back .
you have to make sure someone is watching you . ''
ca n't you turn off ?
ca n't we lock up ?
could n't it go off ?
ca n't you get a fire extinguisher ?
ca n't you get the lock out of here ?
can you turn it off ?
ca n't we detonate lock ?
wo n't it be enough to fire the lock ?
can you turn off ?
ca n't turn the lock off ?
building the center is a very simple task .
getting bigger and better centres is easy .
building is an easy task .
building the center is an easy task .
building the center is simple tasks .
building the center is something much simpler .
building centres is an easy task .
building the center is an easy task .
building center is an easy task .
building in the center is a simple matter .
i 'd say , if i did n't make a stupid mistake , it might work .
i think if i do n't make a mistake , it 's not going to work .
if i do n't make a silly mistake , i 'll be fine .
i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i can work .
i think if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
i 'd think if i did n't make a couple of stupid mistakes , it would n't work .
i think if i do n't make a mistake , it 's not going to work .
i think if i do n't make a couple of silly mistakes . ''
i 'd like it , if i do n't make silly mistakes .
i think if i do n't make a mistake , it 's not going to work .
are you kidding ?
are you kidding ?
are you kidding ? ''
you think i 'm kidding ?
you think i 'm kidding ?
you 're kidding ?
are you a joke ?
i 'm just kidding , is it ?
are you kidding ?
are you kidding me ?
he smiled encouragingly , clearly pleased .
he smiled encouragingly , pleased .
he was happy and obviously happy .
he seemed happy to smile .
he smiled both pleased and pleased .
he smiled wide and seemed pleased .
he was happy with his smile .
he was so happy with his smile .
he was happy as ever .
he seemed happy happy .
stiff arches and stiff cheekbones make him look like a weird guy .
he and arthralgia had stiff faces .
stiff arches , stiff cheekbones , give him a strange look .
sharp arches formed his jaw and a strange look on his face .
stiff arches and stiff cheekbones were described in a peculiar manner .
heavy arches and stiff cheekbones make a strange impression on her face .
arthralgia and jawbone had strange features .
arches and face stiff and unnerving .
heavy arches and stiff cheekbones make a strange impression on her face .
his arches and cheekbones are distorted by a peculiar appearance .
how hard does it take your tea ?
how difficult tea can it be ?
how much trouble is making tea ?
how much harder can you make tea ?
how hard is the whole thing going to be ?
how hard can you make out tea ?
how hard is it to potpourri ?
how hard is your tea making ?
how hard does it take me to make tea ?
how hard can tea be ?
would a soldier be slanged out of his mouth as a natural ?
would a military slang be spoken out of his mouth ?
was the word used by soldiers coming out of their mouths perfectly natural ?
would the soldier be allowed to speak out of his mouth as naturally as possible ?
did soldier slang sound natural to him ?
did mr . bean think the soldier 's words would sound perfectly natural ?
did the military slang come out of his mouth to be perfectly natural ?
had bean thought that the soldier 's words would come out of his mouth as naturally as possible ?
was the slang used by soldiers coming out of their mouths perfectly natural ?
would bean be surprised by the fact that the soldier 's words came out of his mouth perfectly natural ?
instead of a half hour wait , she should be killed in half an hour .
instead , in half an hour , you should have killed her before 30 minutes .
instead of a half hour wait , you 'd like to kill her in half an hour .
instead of a half hour wait , you should kill her in half an hour .
instead of waiting for half an hour , you should n't wait for 30 minutes .
instead of an inquest , you 're gon na have to kill her in half an hour .
instead of a wait until half the way , you should kill her in half an hour .
instead of 30 minutes your daughter should be killed in half .
not killed in half an hour , you should n't have waited 30 minutes .
instead of a half marathon , you have to kill her in half an hour .
two steps moved to the bike .
two strides reached skoro .
two strides reached the motorbike .
two strides reached the bike .
two quick steps brought to the bike .
two strides gets the big one .
two steps gets him on the bike .
two steps caught up with the bike .
two strides is put on the bike .
two steps picked up .
calm and seemingly calm . . . and watched the whole event with francesca sabatini .
calm and it was clear that francesca sabatini had behaved as expected throughout the meeting .
calm , and she did n't seem worried , like francesca sabatini all the time .
calm , and she did n't seem worried , like francesca sabatini all the time .
perfectly calm , and she did n't seem worried about francesca sabatini all the time .
calm , apparently he was n't worried about francesca sabatini .
calm when she seemed so worried , like francesca sabatini .
calm , as she seemed to be all the time with francesca sabatini .
calm and seemingly without fear this was the expression of francesca sabatini 's entire time .
this was calm and clearly she was n't worried .
they went out to lunch with tyler .
they went out to lunch with tyler .
they went out together to eat quickly .
they went out to lunch with tyler .
they went over to tyler 's place for lunch .
they were just taken away by tyler for lunch .
they went out with tyler to eat quickly .
they went to tyler 's place for lunch .
tyler was out shortly after lunch .
they were just going to lunch with tyler .
we have bags and animals to put together .
we 'll go and gather .
let 's get these bags and the animals together !
we 'll take the bags and the animals .
we 'll take the bags and the animals . everybody .
we go and we bring the bags and the animals .
we 'll go and gather the bags and the animals .
give me the bags and animals .
we have these bags and the animals .
take the bags and the animals and we .
they were worth so many risks .
he was worth so much risk .
it was good to risk it .
he wanted us to take risks .
that was too much risk .
he took the risk too .
he was worth the risk .
he did get paid to take risks .
he was more than worth the risk .
they were worth the risk .
each one is in a very efficient way to achieve certain objectives .
all two are going to be very effective in achieving certain objectives .
each one has a very efficient design to achieve certain objectives .
each one must be designed very efficiently in order to achieve certain objectives .
all two are structuring very effectively to achieve certain objectives .
each one will be very effective in achieving certain objectives .
all two are designed for a very efficient way of achieving certain objectives .
each will be designed very efficiently and set to achieve certain objectives .
each one will make it very easy to achieve certain objectives .
each system has one two in order to achieve certain objectives .
the biggest predator is our fish !
the biggest predator is our .
the biggest predator is fish .
the biggest predator in the world .
our great predator is the fish .
the greatest predator of fish .
our great predator is fish .
the greatest predator of the planet .
our great predator is fish .
the fish is our greatest predator .
there are the sheets and children .
leaves the windows and the children play football .
there are blankets and children playing football in the windows .
there 's underwear hanging out of the window and even kids playing football .
there 's underwear and kids at the football field .
the windows hang clothes and children .
he hangs clothes and children .
people hang their laundry and the kids play football .
windows hangs laundry and children who play football .
laundry and baby play footballs .
animals were slaughtered before his eyes .
the animals were beaten up before their eyes .
the animals were slaughtered before his eyes .
animals were slaughtered !
animals were slaughtered before his eyes all the way to the audience .
the animals were slaughtered !
animals were dying before his eyes .
animals were murdered all the way to the audience !
animals had been slaughtered before his eyes .
the animals had been slaughtered before the audience .
did another alex have a mistress ?
was this the wife of another alex ?
has anyone married another alex ?
was the other alex ?
was there a different alex ? ''
was there a different woman ?
did alex call the other ?
and alex was the other woman ?
was she the other alex ?
was she the other alexian ?
but comparing the responses of europe 's member states may be less clear .
however , that may be less clear when we compare europe 's countries .
but the comparison of europe 's member states may be less clear .
but the comparison of europe 's member states is less obvious .
however , clarity may be less obvious when we compare europe 's countries .
however , that may be the less obvious answer to the comparison of europe 's countries .
but the comparison of europe 's member states makes it less obvious that the answer is different .
however , looking at the responses of europe 's member states is less clear .
however , this can lead to a less obvious comparison of europe 's countries .
, however , the comparison of europe 's member states may be less clear .
there are several octopus species that fishermen rarely see more than two metres away .
there are often five feet .
there are a couple of octopus species that fishermen rarely see more than three feet away .
there are often fishermen in the area of fish that have a length of more than two metres .
there are a couple of octopus that fishermen often see more than a metre away .
more than five feet of octopus , there are fishermen at least a few times .
there are often fishermen in the area of fish over a metre long .
we see two octopus frequently with a length of more than three feet .
there are often fishermen who have seen the octopus over a metre long .
there 's a few octopus species here does n't often see fishermen over five feet .
it 's quite possible they 're not home .
it 's quite possible they 're not home .
it 's not possible they came back .
it 's possible not that they came back .
it 's not possible they came back .
it 's not possible they came back .
it 's quite possible , if they 're not home .
it 's quite possible . he 's probably not home .
it 's quite possible that , tatiana , he 's not home .
it would n't be possible if they were n't home .
so , this is the territory i 've got from taiwanese gangs .
all right , this is the taiwanese mafia territory .
so , the territory is yours , taiwan .
so i have a taiwanese gang .
so this is the territory of taiwanese gangs , please .
and then i have the territory .
hey , taiwanese , check out this territory .
so far , i know it 's taiwanese gangland .
so , i have a territory .
all right , the territory and territories of taiwanese gangs i do n't know are the territory i know .
the wild animals were calmed down .
the wild animals were relieved .
the wild animals had been calmed down .
the wild animals were taken care of .
all the animals were relieved .
the wild animals were allowed to calm down .
the wild animals managed to calm him down .
the wild animals took a little .
the wild animals calmed him down .
the wild wild animals were taken care of .
the ride cheered , though after a while she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride cheered on , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride was on her nerves , though after a while she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride was in her blood as much as she was happy , but then she fell asleep again .
the ride cheered , even as she sank into bed , exhausted .
the ride was exhilarating and after a while she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride made her happy , though she fell asleep on the bed shortly afterwards .
the ride cheered up , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride was a joy for her , even when she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride exhilarated and fell into bed when she was tired of it .
all right , objections about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
all right , any objection against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
general , is anyone against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
all right , objection against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
general , are you against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
generals , objected to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
all the objections against the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
general , are there any objections to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
any objection to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
any objections as to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
okay , come to the chairs .
okay , come with the chairs .
no , there will be these chairs !
ok , these are the chairs !
ok , take these chairs !
okay , that 's the chairs .
now , have these .
okay , there are those chairs .
well , there 's these chairs !
okay , those chairs , come on .
does he smell burned ?
does he smell burned ?
does it smell ? ''
smells burnt , does n't it ?
is he smelling burned ?
does he smell like burned ?
is she burned ?
smells burnt , does n't it ?
does he smell burned ?
smells burned to the bone .
i 'm begging you , no worries , so i 'll give up the job .
me , i beg you , you beg ?
i beg , what would you want ?
please do n't beg me , man i 'm not gon na want this .
guys , i 'm not gon na beg you ?
thanks , i 'm not gon na beg you ?
guys , let me beg you not to want this .
guys , are n't you gon na want this ?
guys , i 'm not gon na beg you for this ?
guys , i 'm begging you , or you 're not gon na want this .
'do they die ? 'asked panagyn .
'they will die , 'panagyn asked .
'die ? 'asked panagyn .
'is n't he going to die ? 'panagyn asked .
'they 'll let them die ? '
'they want death ? 'asked panagyn .
'what do they want to die for ? 'asked panagyn .
'they 'll die , 'panagyn said .
'they 'll die ? '
'what do they want to die for ? 'panagyn asked .
now you destroy my film !
now you 're gon na ruin my film !
now you 're killing !
now , kill me my film !
now you die for my film !
now you 're gon na ruin my film !
now you kill my film for me !
now you 're ruining my film !
now you 're ruining my film ! ''
now you 're gon na ruin my film !
were they here for more than 10 years ?
has he ever been in his stuff for 10 years ?
has he stayed with his stuff for more than 10 years ?
is he here for decades ?
has he stayed with his stuff for more than 10 years ?
was he in 10 years ?
does he still have in his house for 10 years ?
has this been for more than 10 years ?
is he held for more than 10 years ?
is he here for more than 10 years ?
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images in the context of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory for a real buffer of images '' .
unable to allocate memory for a real buffer of images . ''
a fixed memory allocation could not be allocated to a real buffer of images .
the memory allocation was unable to allocate a real buffer of images .
we 'd be grateful . ''
we would appreciate it !
oh , we can .
we 'd appreciate it ! ''
we 'd appreciate . . .
we would be grateful .
we would be grateful . . .
we would be grateful .
it would make us very grateful .
then we will .
no one deserved this !
no one deserved it !
no one deserved it !
no one 's deserved it .
nobody deserved a death !
no one 's deserved it .
no one deserved more than one .
no one ! '' he said .
no one deserved it !
and no one deserves to die .
there 's my contract !
there 's my contract number one !
my contract 's about to go !
there 's my contracts .
it 's my in the contract !
he had my contract !
there 's my big contract !
my contract 's on it .
it 's my contract !
it was my contract 's !
only visiting or staying a while ?
or just here and around forever ?
or just here and around forever ?
just , or a visit when you 're here ?
just one visit or to stay for a while ?
or will it be just a visit ?
just to visit , maybe and then ?
one more visit or if he stays here long ?
one more visit or you 'll be staying for a while ?
ca n't or will n't ?
i guess it worries me .
it 's too much worries .
i have a little worries .
i really worry about it .
i 'm pretty worried about it !
i 'm most worried !
i 'm in a lot of danger .
they 're pretty scary worries .
i 'm really worried about it !
i have a little worried .
other people 's hatreds .
the other emotions revolve .
the 's second hateful .
other emotions hate .
others ' other emotions .
the hatred 's second !
next one 's hatred !
the hatred 's second !
hatred 's second strong .
other things 's hatred !
that was my baby !
that was my baby 's !
the kidnapper 's got my baby !
my boy 's got a kidnapping .
my baby 's kidnapped !
they took my baby . . .
they kidnapped my child !
my baby 's kidnapped !
that was my baby girl !
they took my baby !
is there anyone ?
is there a man ?
and is there a man ?
are there any people ?
is anyone there ?
was anyone there ?
was there someone ?
was there a man ?
is anyone there ?
were there any people ?
we 'll meet in the store tomorrow .
we 'll meet in the store tomorrow .
we 'll meet .
we 'll meet in the store tomorrow .
we can meet tomorrow in the store .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
will come to the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
we 'll meet in the store tomorrow . ''
we 'll meet in the store tomorrow . ''
come , for a few shots .
come for a few shots .
we 're going to shoot . let 's go .
come to the shots .
come for a few shots . ''
we 're gon na shoot .
come to the shots . ''
come on . . . take a picture .
we go . ''
we 're shot .
are these veterans ' hospitals ?
are these veterans hospitals ?
are we at the veterans ' hospital ?
are these veterans hospitals ?
is that a soldier 's hospital ?
are these hospitals for veterans ?
is that from the veterans ' hospital ?
are these hospitals for veterans ?
are these veterans ?
is at the veterans ' hospital ?
i 'll sit down !
i 'll sit down with you !
i 'm gon na show you where to sit !
i 'll show you the place to sit !
i 'm gon na show you where to sit !
i 'll be sitting right there .
i 'm gon na show you where to sit !
i 'll show you where to sit !
i 'll show you where to sit !
i 'll show you where to sit ! ''
sir , my sons are not interested in petty attacks .
my son attacks are not related .
my son little attacks do n't bother me .
my son one is not interested .
my son little does n't bother me .
my son does n't get upset about his little attacks .
my son 's attack does n't make me any more worried .
my son is not afraid to attack .
son 's attacks are not so important .
my son 's attack was not necessary .
your veterinarian should be able to consult you about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian should not be afraid to consult you about how to dispose of unnecessary medicines .
your veterinarian should be interested in how to dispose of non essential medicines .
your veterinarians should not be afraid to consult you about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian should also be interested in how to dispose of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian should not hesitate in discussing the possibility of removing unnecessary medicines .
your veterinarian asks for consulting on how to dispose of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian should not hesitate to consult you about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
your veterinarian 's making it possible to dispose of non essential medicines .
your veterinarians should be able to consult you about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
you 've been playing football for a decade !
you 'd play .
you could . ''
you could play in the u . s . football for a decade .
you 'd be playing football for a decade .
you could play in a decade .
you should played a decade of football !
you 'd be playing for a decade .
you could play 10 years in football !
you could play 10 years of football !
three people here , it 's like a good practice .
they only have three people in them .
here 's three people to use them as best practices .
only for three people , there 's nothing wrong with that .
they have three people so this is a good practice .
they 're three people only in pairs .
i only have three people on them .
it only takes three people in the best practice .
three people , and it 's going to be a good practice .
only three people do n't have a bad practice .
no , this ca n't be true .
no , that ca n't be !
no , we ca n't !
no , we ca n't !
no . . . this is n't possible .
no , this ca n't be .
no . . . this is impossible .
no , it ca n't be .
no it ca n't .
no , it is impossible !
we 'll tell .
we 'll tell him about his physical and psychological condition .
let him know how he is physically and mentally .
we 'll tell him about noga 's physical condition . ''
we 'll tell him about the physical and psychological condition of mr . noga .
we 'll make sure he knows noga 's physical and psychological condition .
let him know how he is physically and mentally .
he should have known about noga 's physical and psychological condition .
tell him about his physical and psychological condition and you .
we 'll talk about noga 's physical and psychological condition .
was her on her nose ?
was he on his nose laughing ?
did your nose blink ?
were you on your nose ?
was it his nose ?
was his nose on his nose ?
stuffed his noses ?
was his nose ticked ?
have you seen his nose ?
did she sniffed her nose ?
he nearly finished .
we almost more is .
we almost there was .
he was almost all .
i almost got out .
he nearly is .
he nearly is . ''
he nearly finished yes .
i 'm almost there .
he was nearly finished .
there were not many technical glitches .
we have not fallen .
we have not had many technical glitches .
we have not experienced many technical glitches .
we have not experienced many technical glitches . ''
there were n't many technical glitches going on .
we have not been so much of a technical malfunction .
we have not fallen .
we have not been affected by technical glitches .
there were no technical glitches .
rub your hot hands !
rub your sweaty little hands .
your hands are warm .
you have your sexy hands !
rub your hands !
rub your hands . . .
your hands are hot !
give me your hands .
your sweaty hands warm .
rub your hands together .
there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there seems to be a description of a job that looks exactly the same as a janitor .
there seems to be a description of a job that looks exactly the same as a janitor .
there 's an article about the job describing it as a janitor .
there 's an article describing a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there 's an article to describe a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there 's an article about a job that looks like this to a janitor .
there is a job that looks exactly the same as the janitor 's description .
he 's said it 's near the border with lu .
he says he 's at the border with lu .
she says that somewhere near the border with lu .
they say they are at the border with lu .
they say they are at the border with lu . .
he 's saying it 's close to the border with lu .
according to him , he says that 's near the border with lu .
they say . they 're at the border with lu .
according to him , he 's located near the border with lu .
mr . says it 's near the border with lu .
are n't you drunk or on cigarettes ?
they 're not alcohol or cigarettes .
is n't smoking banning it ?
is n't there a ban on alcohol and cigarettes ?
is n't it a ban on alcohol and cigarettes ?
is n't banning alcohol and cigarettes ?
is n't smoking out of the rules ?
is n't alcohol banned from smoking ?
is n't smoking banned ?
is n't the smoking ban ?
one weird woman called me .
i got an odd female call .
i was weird about my wife calling me .
i was called by some weird woman .
i got a weird phone call from my wife .
i called . . . some weird woman .
one woman calls weird .
my wife was weird .
i got an odd call .
my wife 's phone was weird .
charlie , someone will kill you !
charlie , you 'll be killed !
charlie , we 'll die !
charlie , we 'll be killed !
charlie , someone will kill you !
charlie , someone 's going to kill you !
charlie , you 'll want to kill us !
charlie , you 're going to kill us !
charlie , let 's get ourselves killed .
charlie , let 's get ourselves killed .
did your family die ?
did her relatives die ?
did your family die ?
did your family get killed ?
did your family kill you ?
did someone kill her family ?
did your family murder ?
did they murder their family ?
did they murdered their families ?
was it your family ?
his fellow players were treated with an ugly and hostile look .
his fellow players turned .
his friends and companions were looking at him with an ugly , hostile look .
his friends were treated with an ugly , hostile look .
his fellow players looked at him with an ugly , hostile look .
his friends were offended .
his friends looked hostile to him .
his former fellow players looked at him with an ugly , hostile look .
his friends had been turned into ugly , hostile eyes .
his friends had become hostile and hostile to him .
do you want to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ?
you want ? we 're going to dinner .
do you want to go to dinner ?
would you like to go to dinner ?
do you want something to eat ?
do you want something to eat ?
would you like to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ? ''
shall we go and eat ?
imagine how happy it was for me and how surprised they were .
imagine how happy it was for me . . . how surprised
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
tell me how happy i was to be surprised .
imagine and imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
imagine how happy it was for me and how surprised they were .
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
imagine . how pleased i was to be surprised .
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
he 's throwing money like sheik oman .
he pulls out with his money like sheik oman .
he pulls out his money like sheik oman .
he 's with his money like sheikh oman .
he pulls money out of his pocket like sheik oman .
he pulls out his money like sheik oman .
he walks with his money like mr . oman .
he walks with his money like sheikh oman .
he 's throwing money like a sheik mr . oman .
he pulls out with his money like sheik oman
this is all very strange .
this is a really strange and funny thing .
this is all so weird !
this is something weird .
guys , this is so weird !
no ! this is weird .
well , this is all so weird .
this . . . is weird .
this is . . . strange .
this is a strange thing , funny .
will be fun .
it 's fun and entertainment !
it 's fun .
it 's going to be fun and laughter . ''
he laughs and entertains them .
it 's going to be fun and fun .
it 's going to be fun .
it 's gon na be fun .
it 's gon na be fun . . .
it 's going to be fun .
you can . ''
it can be done in 4 . 6 weeks .
it can occur at 4 or 6 weeks ' time .
you have 4 6 weeks to plan .
you can start .
you 're going to see him in 4 or 6 weeks .
you have one more week .
you 're 4 6 weeks old .
between 4 and 6 weeks it may be appropriate .
it can be done in 4 or 6 weeks .
'what 's going on ? 'he asked .
'what 's going on ? '
'what 's going on ? 'asked the mage .
'what do you mean ? 'asked the mage .
'what is it ? 'asked the mage .
'what 's going on ? 'he asked .
'what am i saying ? '
'what 's going on ? 'he asked .
'i 'm saying what ? '
'what are you saying ? '
you have . ''
you could . ''
you 're out .
you look like !
you have to .
you 're that !
you 're supposed to .
you look like !
you could be !
you have it . ''
did you guys meet with linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you guys meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on that picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
linda bloom saw you on a picnic ?
did you meet linda blooma ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you guys happen to meet linda bloom ?
did linda meet you at a barbecue ?
d'hoffyn was not invited !
did n't invite d'hoffyn ?
d'hoffyn did not invite .
d'hoffyn was not asking .
d'hoffyn did not invite .
d'hoffyn did not call out .
d'hoffyn did not .
d'hoffyn was not an exhibitor .
d'hoffyn was not invited !
d'hoffyn was never invited !
did everything change ?
were things changed ?
did something change ?
has everything changed ?
were you changed ?
has it really changed ?
were you changing ?
were you really there ?
changed it ?
were you there ? ''
maybe tests blame them .
maybe that 's tests .
maybe it 's tests .
maybe it 's the kidnapping tests .
maybe it 's the test . ''
maybe it 's the tests .
maybe it 's the tests ' fault .
maybe those tests have to be blamed for kidnapping .
maybe it 's the so called kidnapping tests .
maybe it 's her kidnapping tests .
boss , this catastrophe is over .
mr . boss , this is gon na be a disaster !
chief boss , this is gon na be a disaster .
boss , the disaster is over .
boss , the whole thing is going to be a disaster !
boss , the disaster must be avoided .
boss , the disaster is over for us !
boss , this is gon na be a disaster .
boss , the disaster is coming !
mr . boss , this is a disaster .
remember , it 's my theater .
remember , that 's my theater .
remember , we 're under the street .
i mean , that 's my theater under the street .
i mean , you have a theater under the street .
i mean , that 's below the level of my theater .
remember , there 's a theater below the street .
remember , that 's the theater .
i mean , you know i have a theater below the street level .
remember , there 's a lot below the street level .
how 's it great ?
how is it great ?
how 's that great ?
how 's that great ?
how great is it ?
how great it is !
how great is it ?
how 's this great ?
how 's the great ?
how 's that going ?
you 're not eat . ''
you 're not eating ?
you 're not eating ?
you 're not eating ?
you do n't get paid for dinner ?
you do n't eat out ?
you 're not getting any food ?
you 're not eating up ?
you 're not eating anything ?
you do n't want any food ?
you look like a strange idea .
you look like you 're thinking of something weird .
you look , when you think of something funny .
you think it 's a funny idea ?
you look . it was a strange idea .
you look like you 're thinking of something weird , right ?
you look , it was a strange idea .
you think it 's funny . ''
you think it 's a funny idea .
you look like you 're thinking of something weird .
is n't it strange to you ?
do n't you feel weird about this ?
are n't you weird about that ?
does n't it look weird for you to say that ?
are n't you surprised that this is weird ?
are n't you surprised to be weird ?
is n't it weird to meet you ?
does n't it come to you weird ?
is n't that weird of you ?
do n't you find it weird to be here ?
did anyone tell him to help ?
do you say he 's being helped ?
do you mean he 's being helped ?
did you say anyone would help him ?
did anyone want to help him ?
did you say anyone else would help him ?
did anyone help him get away with it ?
do you mean he 's being helped ?
do you mean he 's being helped ?
you mean he 's being helped ? ''
then we 're just lucky .
now we 're lucky .
he was n't lucky .
then we 're just lucky .
he was n't lucky .
he was n't lucky .
he was just not lucky !
it was n't lucky .
well , you 're lucky .
we 're all lucky .
with the summon of the gryf , she was climbing up to him and commanded him with a firm command .
then she reached out and clambered onto his strong back with a commanding order .
upon the summoning of the gryf , she clung to him and commanded him with a firm command .
when she summoned the gryf , she clambered up to him and commanded him with a firm command .
then she summoned the gryf and leaned on him with a strong command .
then she picked up the gryf and commanded him with a firm command .
then she summoned the gryf to his strong back and commanded him with a clear command .
then she clambered onto his strong back and commanded as if he had commanded her .
with the summon of the gryf , she mounted his strong back and commanded him with a firm command .
then she summoned the gryf and began to command him with a firm command .
there 's a growing grass !
there 's a grass somewhere .
there 's a tall grass .
there 's a grass on the cobbled wall !
there 's a grass growing on that wall !
there 's green grass !
there 's a grass growing on that cobbled wall !
there 's a grass growing !
there 's some rusty walls .
there 's a tall grass . ''
i have to get a cup of coffee .
, well , i 'll have a cup of coffee .
i have to get a cup of coffee .
yeah , maybe coffee 's gon na be too .
i have to go get a cup of coffee .
yeah , i have to go get a cup of coffee .
so i have to go get some coffee .
i have to get a cup of coffee .
sure . i 'll have a cup of coffee .
, sure . i 'll have a cup of coffee .
these changes should take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should take into account all commitments under this chapter .
these changes should be taken into account by all commitments adopted under this chapter . ''
should be taken into account by all the commitments adopted under this chapter .
all those changes should focus on the commitments adopted under this chapter .
should be taken into account by all the commitments adopted under this chapter .
these revisions should take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should take into account all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should include . . . all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should take account of all commitments under this chapter .
the message is aggressive , right ?
sounds quite aggressive , does n't it ?
the message is aggressive , huh ?
the messages are aggressive , right ?
the message was aggressive , right ?
the message is aggressive , right ?
you 're not very aggressive , are you ?
it 's not very aggressive , is it ?
this is not very aggressive , right ?
the message does n't sound too aggressive , right ?
there is better marriage .
there 's something smarter .
there 's so much smarter way to get married .
there is a smarter way .
there is intelligent consideration .
there is a very intelligent way of getting married .
there is a way intelligent about getting married .
there is a clever possible wedding .
there is a smarter way .
the best approach is in the marriage .
you 've said you 're better .
you 've told me they upgraded you !
you said . they upgraded you .
you said 's got a new one .
you said get upgraded !
you said they upgraded you !
you said 's got a new one .
you said someone upgraded you !
you were saying you were upgraded !
you say ? they upgraded you .
you were lighting your fart on fire !
you 've burned up your guts by lighting up your fart !
you were burning to death when you blew up your . . . cigarette .
you 've burned out on your fart !
you burned to death the lighting of the fart !
you burned up the flame of your fart !
you were burning yourself in the light of your fart !
you were burning to death the way you farted .
you 've burned to death because of the fart !
you were burning yourself to death by the way you farted !
when they built it , they were built on an existing network of water and sanitation .
while building this facility , it was connected to existing water and sewer networks .
while they were building it , the sewer served .
while they were building it , they connected .
when they built it , the sewer served .
while building this facility and surrounding water and sewer systems , there was no such thing as an existing network .
when they built it , they built a network of underground water and power lines .
when they built it , there was a drain .
when they built it , they hooked up .
when they built it , they 've been building on existing water networks .
they had the two .
they 're both armed one .
they had the two guns .
the two guns were .
they both had guns .
both had two guns .
they had both carry .
they had the same one .
they had both .
they had one .
they also have detailed lists of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
they also provided an explicit list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
it also detailed the damage to the removal of the wreckage .
it also lists the damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
it also listed in detail the damage associated with removing the wreck .
they also provided an explicit list of damage to the removal of the wreckage .
they also laying down a list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
they also provide an explicit list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
they also detailed damages in the area of the removal of the wreckage .
they also detailed the damage measures to remove the debris .
according to her screams , she sounds sad .
screaming like that sounds sad !
scream like that . it sounds sad .
screaming such a thing as it sounds sad .
screaming sounds to be sad .
screaming like that is a sad thing .
screamed like that sounds sad !
screaming like this is sad !
he screams it sounds sad .
he seems to be sad . screaming like that makes him sad .
how good he has to have . . .
what a good taste he has . . .
what he has is a good taste .
how good taste does he have ?
how good he can have . . .
what a good taste she has . . .
what 's his good taste is the same thing .
what a good taste she has . . .
what good taste is there . . .
what a good taste she has . . .
this should come to your wife 's admiration .
you should . ''
this will appreciate .
this must be appreciated by the woman !
this must be appreciated by the woman !
this will appreciate your wife . ''
this must be an affront to the woman .
this should at least appreciate your wife !
that will be in awe of your wife .
this is must be appreciated by the woman !
did he just deliver an envelope with cash for you ?
did he just deliver an envelope with money ?
are you still waiting for the messenger to deliver the cash envelope ?
did he just mail you with a cheque for money ?
then why did he send you an envelope full of money ?
so why did he deliver an envelope full of money ?
why did you get an envelope with money from the messenger ?
did he just deliver that envelope with cash ?
did he deliver an envelope to your cash ?
then why did you get an envelope with cash from the messenger ?
wo n't you come ?
you 're not going ?
wo n't join us ?
you 're not go ?
you do n't want out ?
wo n't you show up ?
you 're not going ?
you 're not go ? ''
wo n't you show up ?
wo n't you come back ?
what i do n't like is so trapped .
what i do n't like is that i 'm stuck in bed .
what i do n't like , however , just sleep .
what i do n't like is a bed too .
what i do n't like is bad sleep .
i do n't like being stuck in bed .
i do n't like being stuck in a bed .
i do n't like being stuck in a bed .
what i hate most is that i 'm trapped in bed !
what i do n't like is what it 's like to be in bed .
should n't we get something proportional to compensation ?
should n't it be appropriate to compensate ?
should n't compensate for something ? ''
should n't we get any damages ?
would not be appropriate to compensate you ?
should n't we have any damages ?
should n't a reward be paid ?
should n't there be any compensation for that ?
should n't it be appropriate to compensate you ?
should n't compensation come in handy ?
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
that son of a bitch kicked his ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass . .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass . ''
that son of a bitch 's gon na kick his ass .
that son of a bitch 's kicking his ass .
that son of a bitch would kick his ass .
the reported disappearance of a woman from woodburne has coincided with the husband 's disappearance .
the number one has been reported missing from woodburne for your husband .
one of the women from woodburne has reported on the disappearance of her husband .
there 's been a report of missing persons from woodburne about your husband .
the report has come in '' one woman from woodburne . she 's looking for her husband .
the woman named in the report is reporting the disappearance of her husband .
the woman 's missing person has filed for her husband 's disappearance .
one woman has reported on the disappearance of her husband .
the woman 's disappearance is reported in woodburne for her husband .
the woman filed two missing men in woodburne 's search for her husband .
retreats are n't winning !
retreats are not victories !
retreats are not won !
retreats do n't win out !
retreats do n't win !
retreats are not victory !
retreats are n't winning the fight .
retreats are not a victory !
fights are n't won back .
retreats are never winning !
you seem . you acted very territorially .
you seem to have behaved very territorially . i do n't think you have .
you guys seem to have been very territorial .
you seem to have acted very territorially .
you seem to have acted very territorially . .
you guys seem to have been very territorial .
you guys have a lot of territory . let 's see if you 've acted very territorial .
sounds like being very territorial to me .
you seem to have acted very territorially .
you like a lot of territory .
it 's too early for him to die .
it 's not so clear how he died .
it 's not clear how he died .
he 's so i do n't know how he died .
it 's completely unknown where he died .
it 's too early to say how he died .
it 's just unknown what caused his death .
it 's not clear how he died .
it 's unknown even if he 's dead .
it 's more than i know how he died .
breaking into the hotel room has happened to nixon .
breaking the hotel 's room is exactly what happened to nixon .
breaking the hotel when it happened to nixon .
breaking the hotel 's room has happened to nixon .
breaking into the hotel room with nixon has happened .
breaking the hotel room is in the same way as nixon 's fall .
breaking up in the hotel room is exactly what happened to nixon .
breaking up the hotel room that 's whatixon did .
there appears to have been a break in at the hotel room when nixon fell .
breaking hotel if it 's nixon 's case .
are those the results of an autopsy ?
is this an autopsy report ?
does the autopsy show these results ?
did those autopsy results are the results ?
is that an autopsy 's report ?
is this an autopsy ?
is this an autopsy report ?
is this an autopsy report ?
are those reports yours ?
is this an autopsy report ?
naeli is dying for nothing !
the naeli are on .
nael 's more likely to die .
naeli are dying !
the naeli stand out .
naeli are getting close to dying .
naeli are dying at risk .
nael is out of danger of dying !
nael 's up to death .
nael 's close to death .
furthermore , protect your security by blocking other pages of this website .
furthermore , protect your web browser access to other content that is not related to this website .
furthermore , you shut down other content of this site for security reasons .
furthermore , you are blocking access to other content from this site for security reasons .
furthermore , block another content from this site in order to protect its security .
you further protect your security by blocking other pages of this website .
also you protect your security , so do not use the web browser for other content .
furthermore , you blocked its content with other pages .
furthermore , block the web and other content from this site , lock down the web browser .
furthermore , your browser prevented from accessing other content on this site .
his weight is a little higher than that .
his weight is higher .
his weight is a little higher and higher .
his weight is equal to this .
his weight is more or less .
his weight 's a little higher than yours .
her weight is a little higher , right ?
her weight is small . ''
his weight is low by comparison .
his weight has a little higher .
there are their breaks .
it 's used .
there are lightning .
there are short bursts .
their flashes are coming up .
their explosions are intermittent .
shots are flying .
their time bursts are .
there 's lightning .
there are an interruption .
that was my mom !
i had my mom .
they belonged to my mom .
they were my mom . . .
i had my mom . . .
they were my mom .
they were my mom .
that was my mom 's !
, no , they belonged to my mom .
that was my mom one .
he works at the office of mr . new york .
he 's one new york office .
he works at a new york office
he 's a volunteer at new york office
he works here at new york office
he works for mr . new york .
he 's a new york office employee .
he works at new york office today .
he works at a new york branch .
he works out of a new york office
nicole was just crying .
nicole was still crying .
nicole screamed and cried .
still , nicole wept .
nicole still wept .
nicole was crying again .
nicole still cried out .
nicole just cried out .
nicole cried out .
nicole wept . ''
they 're not stable anchors .
they 're not stable girders .
anchors are not available .
they 're not even stable girders .
the seatbelts are not stable .
we have absolutely no stable anchors .
anchors are no longer .
stable girders do n't .
these are n't stable anchors .
the anchors are completely useless .
you 're dancing !
do you have any moves ?
you like that .
you 're going dancing .
you like that song .
do you have a dance ?
do you have all the dances ?
do you have dancers ?
do you have a dance ?
you like the rocking .
hey , is there a rock ?
is there a rock around there ?
is there a stone one ?
is there a rock out there ?
is there a rock around ?
is there a big stone one ?
is there a rock around ?
is there a big rock ?
is there a rock over there ? ''
is there a rock here ?
what an odd moment !
what a strange moment ! ''
what a strange moment ! ''
what an odd moment !
what an odd moment !
what an odd moment !
what an odd little moment !
what an odd moment !
what a joke . . .
what a fun moment !
you 're rude how rude .
how 's it disrespecting ?
how rude to be .
how are you rude ?
how 's that disrespectful ?
how rude you are .
you 're rude .
how 's it disrespectful ?
how 's it disrespectful ?
how 's that disrespectful ?
they caught up when the klingons attacked him .
they caught up with him when the klingons attacked him .
he was locked up in cardassia when klingon attacked him .
he caught up with the klingons on cardassia .
he was locked up in cardassia at the time of the klingon attack .
he stayed when klingon attacked him on cardassia .
he had caught himself in cardassia when the klingons attacked him .
they caught up with him when the klingons attacked him .
he stayed in cardassia when klingon attacked him .
he ended up in cardassia , where the klingons attacked him .
once they attacked me , i would have died .
when they attacked me , i would have died .
i 'm gon na die , i 'll be dead before they attack me .
if they had attacked me , i would have died .
if they had attacked me , i would have died . ''
i would have died if they had attacked me !
if they had attacked me , i would have died .
if they had attacked me , i would probably have died .
if they had attacked me , i would probably have died .
if they had attacked me , i would have died .
candidates are '' to apply for an administrative post at eurojust .
candidates may be invited to apply for eurojusta 's administrative functions .
candidates are invited to submit an application for an administrative post at eurojust .
candidates are invited to submit an application for an administrative post at eurojust .
candidates will be able to apply for eurojust 's administrative functions .
candidates may be invited to apply for eurojust 's administrative functions . ''
candidates are invited to submit an application for an administrative post at eurojust .
candidates are invited to the eurojust office to apply for an administrative post .
candidates to be employed in eurojust are invited .
candidates are being invited to apply for eurojusta 's administrative functions .
i promise you i 'll always dream of you .
i promise you i 'll do it in front of me .
i promise you i 'll keep my dream .
i promise you i 'll always dream of you .
i promise you i 'll do it in front of me .
i swear i 'll get you a dream before me .
i promise i 'll always dream of you .
i promise you i 'll keep my dream .
i promise you i 'll do it in front of me .
i promise i 'll keep my dream .
this is her grandmother watching her grandmother as she kills a bull .
she watches her grandma to kill a bull .
that 's my girl , looking at her grandma as she kills a bull .
she 's a scout . she watches her grandma kill a bull .
the girl from the scout watches her grandmother .
that 's the girl scout in the movie . she watches her grandma kill a bull .
she 's a little girl . she watches her grandma kill a bull .
the little girl watches her grandma as she kills a bull .
the girl watches her grandmother hunt down a bull .
the little girl in the movie kills her grandma .
who 's afraid he 'll catch you is afraid .
what he 's afraid of is possible .
who 's afraid he 'll catch you will be caught .
who 's afraid he 'll catch you .
what 's scary is if they catch you .
what do you fear he 'll catch ?
what , he 's afraid he 'll catch you .
what was so worried about being caught ?
who 's afraid he 'll catch you is .
what 's scary is if they catch you .
all of this water mixed .
mixed and put in the pumps !
mixed them with water and put them in the pump .
mixed the water and pumped into the pumps .
he put in the water the full pump .
all of a sudden i got water pumps .
put in the water at the pumps .
he mixed the whole fucking water pumps !
put mixing water into the water tank .
all of a sudden he mixed up the water .
are there any differences ?
are there any differences ?
is there disagreement ?
is there a difference ?
is there a different ?
are there any other differences ?
is there a differences one ?
and is there a difference ?
is there a different opinion ?
are the differences ?
we find a place where there 's open space and light up the fire .
we find a better place and set him on fire .
we find a safer place and let 's make a fire !
we should go and burn !
we 're open and we make a fire !
we find an open space and we have to set it on fire !
we have to find a safer place and light up the fire !
we find and we 'll set fire to the open space .
we find a free space and we 're ready to fire !
we find a safer place and we 'll set up the fire .
i have absolutely no idea .
i do n't really .
i really do n't .
i really do n't know anymore .
i do n't really know exactly .
i do n't really know exactly .
i have to say .
i do n't really know .
i do n't really know exactly .
i do n't know exactly .
excuse me , sir ?
i 'm sorry , sir ?
excuse me , sir ?
excuse me for one second , sir ?
excuse me , what 's going on ?
excuse me a minute , okay ?
i 'm sorry , mr . harriman ? '
i mean , what 's up , mr . harriman ?
excuse me for one second , you little man ?
excuse me , what is it ?
stop , damn it .
you damn fool .
son of a bitch !
son of a bitch , bitch !
stop '' with you .
stop , you fucker .
stop . you bastard .
you son of a bitch !
mr . gunther , you bastard .
stop , you bitch .
that 's crazy putting oysters on a clam .
that 's crazy to put an oyster in that mud .
a fucking fool seems to be putting oysters on a clam .
the whole thing is crazy to put an oyster on a clam !
that 's ridiculous . we 're putting an oyster on a clams .
it seems crazy to give a clam to a clam .
he '' seems crazy to put an oyster on a clam .
the oyster is stupid enough to put it in the water .
a little oyster makes me crazy .
that 's ridiculous . one is crazy about putting oysters on a clam .
indeed , if you go on , you 'll end up in the dark , just in the middle of the dark .
indeed , if you go on , you 'll be leaving the dark , just going to the dark .
well , if you keep going , you 'll be leaving the dark , just going to the dark .
as a result of your journey , you will leave the dark only to go to the dark .
in fact , if you go on , you 'll end up in the dark , just in the darker darkness .
in fact , if you go on , you 'll go through the darkness and into the dark .
in fact , if you go on , you 'll disappear into the dark , just deeper darkness .
in what you do , yes , you 'll be able to get out of the darkness and into the deeper darkness .
even if you go on , you 'll be leaving the dark , just in the dark .
in fact , if you go on , you 'll be leaving the dark , just going to the dark .
kalizkan says he 's just a wizard .
kalizkan has always been a good magician .
kalizkan ! 's only a wizard knew .
kalizkan only knew him .
kalizkan only knows he 's a wizard .
kalizkan only taught him a wizard .
kalizkan only knows him .
kalizkan only knew him .
kalizkan 's wizard only knew him .
kalizkan only has a wizard to know .
'who is he ? 'asked jack .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'asked jack .
'who is he ? 'he asked .
'who did he come from ? 'asked jack .
'what do you mean ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
there 's air !
there 's no air .
the air 's running .
there 's no air .
there 's no air .
the air 's there .
air 's there !
air 's nowhere to go .
there 's no air . ''
listen , there 's no air this time .
oh that 's a good blender .
this 's good enough .
that 's a good .
it 's . ''
it 's me .
the blender 's good .
the blender 's good .
well , it 's a blender !
that 's a good blender too !
here 's the perfect .
take a little box .
imagine a big box .
think about your mailbox .
take a big box !
take such a box .
think about your mailbox .
consider a mailbox .
think out of your mailbox !
let 's just a box .
consider a box !
he seems not to be hungry .
she looks like she 's not hungry .
he seems not to be hungry at all .
he seems not to be hungry at all .
it looks like you 're not hungry .
it looks like i 'm not hungry .
he does n't seem to be hungry .
he seems not to be hungry at all .
she does n't look like she 's hungry .
he does n't look like a big eater .
we ca n't prove he killed kwaku .
we do n't have proof that he killed kwak .
we do n't have proof he killed kwak .
he found not to be killed by kwak .
we do n't know if he killed kwak .
it 's not evidence to kill kwaku .
he ca n't prove he did n't kill kwaku .
we have not proven that he killed kwak .
we have no proof he did n't kill kwak .
we do n't have proof that he killed kwak .
very funny to me .
very funny with that .
as really funny as a lot of fun .
very funny , of course .
as sure as having fun .
just for fun sure !
very much entertaining for sure !
kind of like fun too .
very amused by the fun .
with sure to be fun !
he was n't commander .
he did n't leader .
this was n't commander .
he was n't commander .
the leader was n't home !
the commander was not .
he was n't commander anything .
the commander was not a leader !
this was not the commander .
this was n't the commander .
that was really bad day .
that was a hell of a day .
that was a really bad day .
this was terrible day .
that was a really bad day .
this day was terrible .
it was a really bad day .
it was a really bad day .
i had one day .
i had a terrible day .
do n't talk .
do n't talk . ''
do n't be stupid .
do n't talk , fool .
do n't talk . . .
do n't talk , fool .
stop . do n't talk .
do n't talk like a fool .
do n't talk like a fool , please .
do n't talk , you idiot .
inspector , the fraternity does n't exist on the street .
inspector , there are n't any brotherhood !
inspector , the fraternity wo n't be on the street .
inspector , this is n't a fraternity .
look , inspector , there 's no fraternity !
inspector , this is n't fraternity .
inspector , this street does n't have a fraternity .
inspector , this is n't a fraternity .
inspector , the fraternity is in the street .
inspector , this is n't even a fraternity .
a tall fist noticed , winced .
a tall fist had seen him and jerked .
a tall fist looked up , winced .
tall struck him and jerked away .
a tall fist was staring at him , winced .
high looked up and jerked away .
high eyed and averted his eyes to look at him .
a tall fist saw and jerked at him .
the tall fist looked up sharp .
a tall fist saw him and winced .
are you never afraid to be angry ?
do you ever get mad about something like that ?
will you never be more angry ?
you 're never mad enough ?
do you ever want to be upset about something like that ?
do you ever want to be upset about something ? ''
do you ever want to be upset about something ?
are you never gon na be angry ?
are you never getting very angry ?
are you never gon na be angry ?
his eyes slightly twitched .
his eyes twitched up .
his eyes twitched .
the eyes fluttered and twitched .
his eyes were twitched .
then his eyes twitched .
his eyes were twitched .
sigarni winced and blinked .
his little eyes twitched .
his eyes twitched .
he does n't swallow his medication .
he does n't swallow swallowed medication .
he does n't swallow .
he does n't swallow .
he has n't swallowed .
he has n't swallowed his medication .
he does n't swallow .
he does n't swallow his pills .
he 's not being swallowed by medication .
he 's not swallowing !
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
it does n't cost you to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
it 's not necessary to wear powder in the dress .
it 's not a thing to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
it just 's a suicide of trying to break the record .
it 's just suicide attempts .
he 's just trying his best to break mayan 's record .
it 's just suicide a suicide to try to break the record .
it 's just a suicide 's attempt to break the record !
that 's just suicide in an attempt to break the record .
that 's just a suicide when you try to break the record .
it 's just a suicide to try to break the record of mayan .
it 's just suicide . he 's gon na try to break the record .
that 's just a suicide attempt .
take it like that , he 's not fond of me anymore .
you know , she does n't love me , that 's not the point .
it does n't matter her . . . she 's no longer my love . . c .
i mean . . . he does n't love me anymore .
it 's just that she does n't love me anymore , is n't she ?
it 's just that . . . she does n't love me anymore .:
it 's got to be , is n't it , mommy ?
she does n't love me anymore , she confides .
see , it 's not like he does n't love me anymore .
it 's just , does n't he love me anymore ?
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink . ''
i 'd like something to drink . ''
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink . ''
i 'd like something to drink .
'does n't he choose them ? 'asked the mage .
'did he choose them ? '
'have you chosen them ? 'asked the mage .
'they do n't choose them ? 'asked the mage .
'you choose them ? 'asked vimes .
'has he chosen them ? '
'he chose them ? ' he asked .
'have you chosen them ? 'he asked .
'is he selected ? '
'he chose them ?
did you watch out for her ?
were you looking out ?
have you looked out ?
did you watch out ?
were you looked at out there ?
did you look out ?
did you look out for them ?
did you watch out ?
were you looking ? ''
did you watch anything out ?
your fate is not like that .
your fate does n't look like that .
your fate is not the same .
your fate does n't look .
your fate is n't like that .
your fate is not here .
your fate does n't look so much like that .
your fate does n't look like that .
your fate is not the same as yours .
your fate is no longer .
the radio sucks !
that 's bullshit .
that 's bullshit '' .
the radio is fucked !
the radio is shit !
that 's bullshit .
the radio is a retard !
that 's bullshit . ''
the radio is all !
the radio is that !
what ? what is wrong ?
but . . . what does it hurt ?
and what is wrong ?
so . . . what hurts ?
then what is wrong ?
sure . what hurts me ?
so , what hurts ?
what hurts so much ?
so . . . what hurts ?
then what does hurt ?
jackie was sent to gina with an announcement .
jackie was sent to gina with an announcement
jackie is in charge of gina .
jackie 's reported to gina .
jackie is reported in gina .
jackie was reporting on gina .
jackie was sent to gina with an announcement .
jackie had been sent to gina with an announcement .
jackie came out of gina 's report .
jackie got a message about gina .
install the switchboard at working stations located close to the door .
install the power switchboard so that it can be easily accessible at the station 's doors .
install the power switches to switch stations to easily accessible positions close to the door .
install the switchboard at work stations to be easily available at the door .
install switches to light switches at working stations located close to the door .
at the station is installed with a switchboard that is readily available and close to the door .
installs switches at work stations in easily accessible positions close to the door .
turn on and be able to easily reach the station 's lights
install light switches at work stations , which are readily available at the door .
set the switchboard up to work stations to be easily available at the door .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas . ''
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas . ''
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm just christmas !
i 'm not .
i 'm not interested in christmas anymore .
i 'm not interested .
can you give me some advice ?
can you share some tips with me ?
can i get you some tips ?
can i get you some tips ?
can i get some tips ?
can you share some tips '' ?
can you tell me something ? some tips .
can i get you one tip ?
can i get a couple of tips ?
can you hear i ?
and her smile can sometimes be very mysterious .
and her smile can be very mysterious at times .
and her smile , she can be in a lot of mystery .
her smile sometimes looked mysterious .
her smile can come back to us sometimes .
and also smiling , sometimes her secrets . . .
her smile was more .
yeah , maybe it 's a little mysterious sometimes .
her smile sometimes confused him .
even with her smile , even sometimes her own mysterious smile .
you said . i should find a wolf where he can find his prey .
you said a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 've told me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you said i should watch the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you told me a wolf to find him where he 's gon na find his prey .
you said find the wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you were said to be looking for a wolf in a place where you could find your prey .
you told me you were looking for a wolf in a place where he could find his prey .
you told me to look for a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey . ''
you told me you were looking for a wolf in a place where he could find his prey .
and so did professor , kang 's pathologist .
and kang was a pathologist .
and professor kang was a pathologist .
and see professor kang .
and kang is pathologist .
and professor kang . ''
and was that professor 's pathologist ?
and professor kang . . . dead .
and by professor kang .
and was a pathologist at prof kang .
sounds like someone 's been killed .
one seems to have killed someone .
sounds like someone 's been killed .
looking seems to be someone 's murder .
sounds like someone 's being killed .
it looks like . . . someone 's killed .
someone like that kills you .
sounds like someone 's been killed .
one of them is gon na be killed .
there seems to be someone murdered .
the internet connection did not work .
the internet connection is not enabled .
the internet connection is still installed .
the internet connection has not completed the windows installation .
the internet connection has already been completed by the windows installer .
the internet connection was not enabled .
the system 's setup has not been completed with the internet connection .
the internet connection did not complete the windows installation .
the windows settings have not completed with the internet connection .
the internet connection did not complete the windows installation .
no one would be able to save it .
no one can be saved here !
no one can survive !
nothing more than one ca n't save anyone in here .
one ca n't be saved here .
there 's no one to save .
there 's nobody here to save .
there 's nobody here to save .
one man ca n't save this place .
no , no one can be saved here !
vanessa may be also a demon .
vanessa may be a demon too .
vanessa may have fallen into the clutches of demons .
vanessa may fall further in favor of demons . ''
vanessa could fall apart as well .
vanessa could fall apart as well .
vanessa may be accosted by demons too .
vanessa could fall into a demon too .
vanessa may not be a demon too .
vanessa may fall further into the clutches of demons .
did your guard do it in a bad way ?
did your guard beat you up in a bad way ?
did your bad encounter hurt you ?
did you hit your guard in the eye ?
did you get your guard in bad shape ?
was yours with a guard how bad he was ?
did your guard hurt when you hit him ?
the bad thing when you hit that guard .
how did the security guard your how are you doing ?
did you hit your guards in the bad way ?
he has faced serious accusations in connection with the theft of his company .
he has faced serious accusations in connection with the theft of his company .
he is accused of stealing from his company a serious charge .
he has accused her of serious wrongdoing in relation to the company .
he has drawn up serious accusations of theft from his firm .
they accused her of a serious theft serious business .
he has accused her of a serious theft . ''
he is accused of stealing from his firm .
he is accused of stealing from his company .
he is accused of a serious robbery at his company .
i have an encyclopedia of english , and a chemist .
i read english literature and chemistry books .
english and chemical are books .
i have an english , a scientific , a chemical manual .
next i have english , chemistry , books !
i have an english textbook and a chemical textbook .
i have english , chemistry . . .
i have an english , a scientific and a chemical textbook .
i read books in english , as well as chemistry .
i have an english , a scientific and a chemical book . . .
somewhere there 's a rope
somewhere there 's rope .
there 's a rope at the bottom of the steep slope
somewhere there 's a mountain rope .
there 's a rope somewhere down the slope
there 's a rope at the bottom of the steep slope ,
somewhere there 's a long rope .
there 's an endless rope ,
here 's a long rope
there 's a rope a long way down the slope
did you invite foreigners into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreigners into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign military into france ?
did you send a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite your troops into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite any foreigners into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you call an army of foreigners into france 's sovereign territory ?
have you invited a stranger 's army into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you call a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory ?
there was no place in the solar system , no moon , no planet inhabited by such a huge wild animal .
there was no place in the solar system , no moon , and no planet inhabited by such a huge wild animal .
there was no place in the solar system , no moon , no planet where there was such a huge wild animal .
there was no place in our solar system , and no moon or planet inhabited by such a huge wild animal .
there was no place in the solar system for such a huge , wild animal , and on any moon or planet .
there was not a place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
there was not a moon or planet in which such a huge wild animal could be found .
there was not a single moon or planet inhabited by such a huge wild animal .
there was no place in the solar system , in any moon or planet , where such a huge wild animal could be found .
there was no moon or planet in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
everyone else is going to kill themselves .
everyone else will kill .
everyone here is killing .
they all have a chance to kill themselves !
everyone else will be killed .
everyone will die .
everyone '' will kill themselves !
then everyone will kill .
he 'll murder .
and everyone will kill themselves !
enables online streaming of digital media
enables the transmission of digital media via the net
enables the network to broadcast digital media
enables network streaming of digital media
enables internet streaming digital media available on network
enables the transmission of digital media via the net
allows streaming digital media into the net
enables direct transmission of digital media . . .
enables internet streaming of digital media
enables internet streaming of digital media
it 's afternoon one .
i 'm fine with you in the afternoon .
i have one in the afternoon .
i have one more afternoon .
i have an afternoon with you .
it 's your best afternoon .
it 's your afternoon .
i 'll be with you in the afternoon .
it 's yours .
i 'm free in the afternoon .
can you give the signal to strahm 's mobile phone ?
can you trace strahm to his mobile phone ?
shall we go to strahm 's cell phone today ?
can you get strahm locator on his mobile phone ?
do you want the locator will find strahm 's phone ?
would you put the locator on the phone for strahm ?
do you have a locator on the phone for strahm ?
will you give me the phone locator ?
do you want the locator on the phone for strahm ?
will you give him a locator on his mobile phone ?
shall i get you something to eat ?
shall i get something to eat ?
shall i get something to eat ?
shall i get you something to eat ?
shall i get you something to eat ?
shall i get you something to eat ?
shall i prepare to eat ?
can i get something to eat ?
shall i have breakfast with you ?
shall i prepare my breakfast ?
i guess i 'll go to edu tomorrow .
i guess i 'll guess you 're going to go to edu tomorrow .
so i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i do n't think you 're going to edo tomorrow .
now i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
so i 'm guessing you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i have a hunch you 're going to edo tomorrow .
when trisha realized how scared she was , she felt guilty and scared .
when trisha realized how scared she was , she felt guilt and fear .
trisha at the thought of the horror was guilty as much as she was afraid .
thinking about how scared she was made trisha feel guilty , as well as scared .
thinking of how scared she was , she felt guilt and fear .
when trisha realized how scared she was , she felt guilty and scared .
when trisha realized how scared she was , she felt both guilt and fear .
if trisha thought about how scared she was , she felt guilty and scared .
thinking about how scared she was made trisha guilty .
the thought of the horror was so bad that trisha felt guilty and scared .
5000 is only 50 .
fifty will be enough for me , okay ?
five thousand will be my 50 .
5000 is 50 bucks .
five thousand and then fifty percent ?
five thousand and fifty ?
five and fifty is 50 .
five thousand is 50 .
five thousand bucks , fifty .
fifty will be enough for me .
now it 's never sex .
now it 's not the best time .
now it 's not a time .
now it 's not a sex .
now it 's never a sex .
now it 's not a good time .
now is not the time !
now it 's not about sex .
now now it 's no sex anymore .
now does n't be about sex .
sex has n't even entered the competition !
sex is n't there !
sex is n't competitions !
sex is n't competition !
sex is n't even competition !
sex is n't today 's competition !
sex has n't competition !
sex is n't in competition !
sex does n't play .
sex is n't a competition at all !
did n't your majesty get an order ?
your majesty did not listen to your orders ?
your majesty did not listen ?
your majesty did not allow you to speak ?
his majesty did not give an order .
your majesty has not been heard ?
did your majesty not hear the orders ?
did your majesty just listen up ?
your majesty did not be able to hear you ?
your majesty was not heard ?
you want ? you want to kiss him ?
do you want to kiss him ?
do you want to kiss him ?
do you want to kiss him ?
do you want to kiss him ?
. l .
want to lick him .
you want to kiss him ? !
do you want to kiss him ?
do you want to kiss him ? ''
what is wrong with this kind of greed ?
what is so great about this greed ?
what is so greedy about this ?
what is this kind of greed ? ''
what is this all about greed ?
what kind of greed is wrong ?
what 's with this kind of greed ? ''
what 's with this kind of greed ? ''
what 's with this kind of greed ?
what is so greedy about this ?
our plan 's not going to say anything .
our plan is n't going to say anything .
our plan is n't to say anything .
our plan 's not to say anything .
our plan is n't going !
our plan is n't to say anything .
our plan is n't telling anyone !
but our plans do n't tell anyone .
our plans do n't tell .
our plan has n't been announced .
this is a completely new experience watching the game and the match and everything .
this is neither a game nor a match or anything like that .
this is a completely new experience and when i look at the game or the match and everything .
this is a completely new experience and watching the game and everything .
this is a completely new experience and watching the game and everything .
and i 'm new to watching games and matches and everything .
today and i 'm looking at the game or the match and everything .
and i 'm new to watching games and matches and everything .
this is a completely new experience , watching the game , and everything .
this is a completely new experience , every game and every match .
who fights for her ?
who am i supposed to defend ?
who among us defend ?
who should be defended ? !
who for defending ?
who should be defended . . . ?
who are you supposed to defend ?
whose to fight for ?
who 's in charge of defending ?
who am i supposed to defend ?
so everyone shouts !
then they all scream .
they all scream .
they all scream .
they all scream .
then everyone shouts !
they all shout the scream .
they all shout out .
then everyone cried !
they all cried .
a imperialist imperialist can be justified in such a mindset as an economy 's greed .
a imperialist country can rely on such thinking for economic greed .
an imperialist country can exploit . . . such thinking .
the imperialist country is able to use this mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country is going to use this mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country may be able to justify its economic greed based on this mindset .
an imperialist country likes to use such thoughts to justify its economic greed . ''
the imperialist country may be able to use such a mindset as justification for its economic greed .
a imperialist imperialist country can be justified in such a mindset for economic greed .
a imperialist imperialist country can use such a mindset as justification for economic greed .
today i wanted everyone involved in the security of the secretary of state visit .
every time i want to visit a minister , i need to concentrate on security .
i need everyone to be involved in the security of the secretary of state visit .
all i had to do was concentrate on the security of the minister 's visit .
i need everyone involved in the security of a foreign minister 's visit .
i need to get everyone involved in the protection of the secretary of state .
i need everyone to be ready to protect the secretary of state .
i wish i had all the attention to the security of the minister 's visit .
we need all personnel to secure the secretary of state 's visit .
i need '' everyone to secure the secretary of state 's visit .
do not look at it as a problem as a chance to solve it .
do not look at him as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
do not see him as a problem or as an opportunity for a solution .
do not look at him as a problem as there are opportunities for a solution .
do not seek out problems as a possible solution .
do not take him as a problem as he sees the possibility of solutions .
do do n't look at her as a problem or as an opportunity for a solution .
do not be seen as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
do not see . . . as a problem , but as an opportunity to solve .
try not to look at it as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
we 're not the only one .
we have no such thing as funny .
we 're just the ones who do n't think it 's funny !
we 're just no laughing matter .
we have no funny ideas here .
we 're the only ones who think it 's not funny !
we 're not alone who think it 's not funny !
we 're just afraid it 's not funny .
we 're just not a funny thing .
we 're all just not funny !
you want ? want to be a friend ?
do you want to be a friend ?
do you want to be a friend ?
you want to be a friend ? yeah .
do you want us to be friends ?
you want to be friends '' ?
do you want to be friends ? '
you want to go ? to be friends .
you want to ?
want to be friends .
moron , where are they ?
hey , fool , where do we have a whitefish ?
mr . moron , where do we have a whitefish ?
idiot . . . where is he ?
moron , where is he ?
moron . . . where are they ?
morons , where are they ?
idiot ! where are they ?
hey , fool , where are the whitefish ?
moron , where 's your fish ?
thorazine is 300 milligrams and you 'll be incapable of responding .
300 milligrams would be unhelpful .
how ca n't you be responsive to 300 milligrams ?
you 're 300 milligrams unable to respond .
300 milligrams ca n't be enough for you .
i can be sure you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thrombazine . ''
how come you do n't respond to 300 milligrams , you ca n't be sure .
300 would hardly answer 300 milligrams .
300 milligram would be unhelpful .
i can be sure you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
sabata he 's killing the bandits !
sabata 's killing criminals .
sabata 's killed thief .
sabata 's a bad guy .
sabata to kill the bandits !
sabata 's killing criminals .
sabata 's killing money .
sabata 's killing the bandits !
sabata 's killing the robbers .
sabata to kill the bandits !
we just know the plague !
we all know !
so everyone knows .
everyone else knows .
everyone knows everything . . .
everyone here knows .
everyone . knows everything .
now everyone knows .
we already know this !
we already know the truth !
you 're never afraid .
you 're not getting scared of death .
you 're no longer afraid to die .
you 're no longer dying .
you 're never afraid . ''
you 're never afraid .
you 're never afraid to die .
you 're no longer afraid .
you 're not afraid .
you 're not afraid to die .
there 's been quite a strange thing going on .
there 's weird going on .
there 's been quite a strange thing going on .
there 's something weird going on .
there 's something weird going on .
there was weird about this .
there 's some really weird stuff going on .
there 's been some weird stuff going on .
there was something weird going on .
there 's some weird .
they did n't sell the paper . . .
they did n't sell the papers .
they did n't sell .
they did n't get paid to sell the papers .
they did n't sell the papers yet .
they were n't sold !
they did n't sell the papers .
they were never fired !
they were n't sold yet !
they did n't sell to the press .
son of a bitch .
son of a bitch 's back !
son of a bitch 's back !
that son of a bitch is back .
son of a bitch 's back !
son of a bitch back !
son of a bitch back .
son of a bitch back .
son of a bitch behind his back .
son of a bitch . ''
you guys are pretty tough .
you hate pretty girls !
you 're not very nice girls .
you 're not nice girls !
you guys are pretty tough .
you do n't get tough on girls !
you 're just a tough guy .
you 're a tough guy too .
you hate tough guys too .
you 're not being tough .
would you like the lucky seven ?
will it be lucky for seven ?
would you like everything lucky 7 ?
would you like the most lucky number seven ?
would it be okay to put everything on lucky seven ?
would you like seven lucky number ?
will it be lucky 7 ? ''
shall i select lucky 7 ? luck ?
do you have everything ready for lucky 7 ?
would it be okay to put everything on lucky seven ? ''
burton was so dependent on whether he would wake up the others .
burton depended so much that he could wake up the others .
burton was only counting on him to wake up the rest of them .
burton was so dependent on whether he would wake up the others .
burton needed him so quickly that the rest of them woke up .
burton was dependent on whether he would wake up the others .
burton was worried about whether he would wake up the others .
burton was now up to him to wake up the rest of them .
burton was so worried about whether the rest of them would wake up in time .
burton was now dependent on whether he would wake up the others .
here 's two cups .
here 's your coffee .
here 's caramel coffee .
coffee 's not cream .
coffee 's pudding '' .
coffee 's here !
coffee 's here !
here 's coffee .
here 's coffee one .
here 's caramel 's coffee .
even a nice rifle , too !
i have a nice rifle , too !
also a nice rifle , too !
here 's a good one .
i have a nice rifle too .
i have a nice rifle too .
this is good enough for a shotgun .
this is good , shotgun .
i have also a nice rifle .
i have a pretty gun too , right ?
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
now i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film
i 've never seen a better film before .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
that 's probably the best movie !
i 've never seen a better film before .
i 've never seen a better film .
one option is someone who sent her a real killer .
one possibility , that 's what the real killer sent him .
one possibility is he was sent by a real murderer .
one known possibility is he was sent by a real murderer .
one possible option is that he was sent by a real murderer .
one possibility is a killer who sent him .
one option is sending a real killer .
one the possibility is that he was sent by a real murderer .
one possibility was he was sent by a real murderer .
one possibility all of which means he was sent by a real killer .
and i 'm getting angry .
but i 'm angry about the fear .
and i 'm angry about the fear .
but i 'm angry about the fear .
and i 'm afraid it 's anger .
but i was angry about the fear .
and i 'm upset about the fear .
and i 'm upset about the fear .
but i 'm angry because i 'll be scared .
and i get mad when i 'm scared .
i 'll see you treat me the same courtesy as my deputies will treat me .
i 'll get the same courtesy treatment as my deputies will give me .
i see my deputies will be treated with the same courtesy as yours .
i 'll see you will treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies .
i 'll treat you with the same courtesy as my colleagues .
i 'll take the same courtesy as your deputies .
i 'll take the same courtesy as your deputies .
i 'll know you 'll treat me the same courtesy as my deputies .
i 'll be treated the same way as my colleagues .
i see you will treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies will treat you .
but this loss is . . . serenity and god 's quiet .
but at the same time , the loss is filled with serenity and god 's peace .
but this is a loss of peace and quiet , god .
but this loss contains serenity and god 's peace .
but this loss lies in serenity and god 's quiet .
but this loss brings peace to god 's peace .
but this loss has something to do with serenity and god 's quiet .
but therein lies the peace .
but this loss hides the serenity of god 's quiet .
but this loss lies in serenity and god 's quiet .
the first league thinks the same as me
first league thinks the same as me
the first league thinks the way i do !
the first league considers me .
the first league seems to be thinking like me .
the first league seems to be thinking like me
first league thinks the same as i do !
the first professional baseball league considers me .
the first league is mine !
only first league has a mexican view .
is there any sales forecast ?
is there a purchase forecast ?
is there a pre sale forecast ?
is there still a purchase ?
is there a purchase forecast here ?
is there a purchase out there ?
does the company have pre empted purchases ?
are there any planned purchases ?
is there a pre sale forecast ?
is the forecasts planned ?
no , they ai n't hungry !
no , i ai n't hungry !
no , not hunger !
i ai n't hungry !
no , i really do n't want anything .
no , i do n't want to eat !
i 'm not hungry ! ''
no , i do n't want anything !
i ai n't hungry ?
i ai n't hungry yet .
did you also have any involvement , mrs . nehru ?
were you there , nehru ?
does it also involve mrs nehru ?
did you also attend mrs nehru ?
did you also attend mrs nehru ?
do you also have mrs nehru ?
did you also participate mrs nehru ?
did you also participate mrs nehru ?
has it happened too , nehru ?
do you have anything too ?
hey , what 's the next mistake ?
what an extra error in justice ?
what a second mistake ?
what other court errors ?
what a second miscarriage of justice .
another case of what ?
what kind of judicial misconduct ?
which is another judicial misconduct ?
how about another mistake in court ?
how other judicial misconduct ?
is mine exclusive to you ?
is just because of me ?
is everything okay with me ?
is that up to me ?
you all have that !
everything is , really ?
is that all mine ?
is mine to everything ?
is everything just for me ?
is that all mine ? !
do n't be dick .
do n't be , dick .
do n't dick . ''
do n't dick !
do n't be dick . . .
do n't be an asshole , stop being an asshole .
do n't be an asshole . . .
do n't be , you dick .
to stop being such an asshole .
do n't be , dick .
if my mom was pregnant , dad still smoked a lot .
when my mom was pregnant , dad smoked too .
when my mom was pregnant , she smoked a tobacco cigarette .
when my mom was pregnant , she smoked her father .
when my mom was pregnant , she smoked pot .
dad smoked his cigarette too .
after my mother was pregnant , dad smoked a lot in his spare time .
when my mom was pregnant , she smoked even more .
when my mom was pregnant , the father gave up his cigarette .
dad smoked his cigarette even then .
you 're lucky ! ''
you 're lucky enough to be here .
you 're lucky !
you 're a little lucky !
you 're lucky lucky !
you 're so lucky , man !
you 're lucky yourself !
you 're most lucky !
you 're lucky !
you 're so lucky , sir . ''
it 's not stopping .
it 's not stop .
it 's not stopping .
it 's not stops .
that 's not stopping .
that 's not stopping .
it 's not going to stop .
it 's not stop .
it 's not going to stop .
it 's not going to stop .
endangered lives in danger ?
put innocent people in danger .
put endangered lives in danger .
do you put in danger an innocent life ?
do you put in danger ?
endangered life in danger ?
more danger for innocent people ?
putting innocent people in danger ?
have you endangered innocent lives ?
is life innocent being in danger ?
what a crazy thing .
what a crazy thing . ''
why am i crazy ?
what a crazy thing .
what a crazy thing .
that 's crazy !
what a crazy thing . ''
that 's all crazy i think .
that 's all crazy .
that 's crazy . ''
why is n't the motive in writing ?
why does n't anyone write a motive ?
why does the motive for him not write ?
why not write a motive for him ?
why is n't that written as a motive ?
why does n't he write his reasons ?
why does n't he write down his reasons ?
why does n't he write his reasons ?
why does his not self sufficient to write his reasons ?
why does n't anyone write an explanation ?
then he was n't afraid of anything other than oyarsa .
malacandra was still unable to worry about anything other than oyarsa .
malacandra had already been afraid of something other than oyarsa .
and then he was only able to worry about malacandra and oyarsa .
only oyarsa remained afraid .
only oyarsa was worried .
only oyarsa was worried about everything in malacandra .
nothing remained for malacandra other than oyarsa .
then malacandra was afraid .
he was then unable to worry about anything other than oyarsa .
just do n't be late for anything .
well , are n't you a little late ?
just do n't let go of me , okay ?
do n't be late for anything . ''
just do n't be a little late .
just do n't worry if you 're gon na be late .
just make sure it 's not too late .
just do n't worry about being late .
just do n't let him get late .
just remember , i 'm not gon na be late .
pain was born of anger .
pain was born of anger .
pain flared . ''
pain was born .
pain created anger . ''
pain flared that .
pain was born .
pain was born out .
pain was his born fury .
pain grew out of anger .
he molested little girls !
you have barrenger 's molesting little girls !
you 've molested little girls !
you have raped girls !
you have barrengers molesting young girls !
you have barrenger 's children 's molests .
you molest little girls ! ''
you have your little girls !
you guys molest little girls !
he molested you girls !
you bring one girl in nine in the evening .
you bring one in nine in the evening .
you bring nine girls into the night .
you bring a girl to nine in the evening . . .
you bring a girl . . . to nine in the evening .
you bring me a girl in nine in the evening .
you 're taking a girl . . . to nine in the evening .
you bring me nine .
you bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
you bring . . . a girl to nine in the evening .
i used to war with my youth !
i was courted by the war .
my youth and i used to go to war .
no . . . then i was courted .
my youth and i have been courted by the war !
i courted war with my youth !
once i played for the war .
i used war as a youth .
at my youth i was courted by war !
i used to go to war .
how smart is that ?
how smart are you ?
how smart he is !
how smart he is . . .
how smart he is !
oh , yeah , you 're smart .
you 're smart how smart !
how smart i am !
how smart i am !
oh , you 're smart .
remove the mask one day permanently .
remove the mask function right away .
remove the mask so far .
remove the mask one permanently off .
removing the mask permanently .
remove mask at once .
wipe the removable mask off .
remove the mask permanently to its removal .
to delete the mask permanently .
remove the mask permanently the mask will be removed .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
of course , if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
of course , i 'd probably take merlin with me .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
even if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i had a choice , i would have taken merlin .
if it were up to me , i would have taken merlin .
your friends also wanted to sleep with the virgins .
even the friends wanted to sleep with the virgins .
your friends also want to sleep with the virgins .
did your friends want to sleep with the virgins ?
and your friends wanted to sleep with the virgins too ?
did your friends love them ?
did you guys want to have sex with a virgin ?
did you also want to have sex with a virgin ?
your friends wanted to sleep with the virgins .
your friends also slept with the virgins .
what 's going on is a strong , high energy style .
but what we do is play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll
then we play what 's called a strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
what 's going on here is great . . . rock n'roll is strong .
what we 're going to do is play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
what 's going on is playing a very strong and high energy rock .
what we 're going to do is play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
what we 're going to do is play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
what does that mean we play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll
what we 're going to do is play a very strong rock n'roll .
your mom will adore !
your mom 's gon na love this !
your mom is gon na love this !
your mom will cheer up !
your mama . she 's gon na love this !
but your mom will love it !
your mom 's gon na love this !
and your mom will be thrilled !
your mom will love this .
your mom will be thrilled !
the entire area 's shut down .
there 's an entire evacuation .
there 's an evacuation .
there 's an entire evacuation .
all residential areas are evacuating .
there 's evacuating entire .
there 's an entire evacuation . ''
all residential areas evacuate .
the entire area 's evacuated !
the entire area is being evacuated !
you 're not listening to me !
you 're not listening !
you 're not listening .
you 're not listening ! '
you 're not listening !
you 're not listening to me !
no , you 're not listening !
, no , you 're listening !
you 're not being listened to .
you 're not listening me out !
what a bizarre thing ! ''
what a bizarre thing !
what a bizarre thing ! ''
what a bizarre thing !
what , so bizarre . . .
what a bizarre thing !
that 's weird !
what a bizarre thing !
what a weird little thing !
that 's weird ! ''
there 's not any .
there 's nothing else !
there 's not machines .
there 's not much .
there 's no more to the machine .
they do n'thin 's .
there 's nothing wrong with the machine !
there 's not .
there 's no more machine .
there 's nothin 'on the machine .
they just do n't listen very well .
they just do n't listen !
they do n't listen very well .
they do n't listen anyway .
they do n't even listen very well .
they just do n't hear me anymore .
they do n't even listen .
they just wo n't listen anyway .
he 's just not listening up !
they just listen very little to me .
and the kick started being kicked by the butt of the cement trucker .
and the kicks will begin with an ass that will pour cement .
and the kick will begin with an ass that will pour cement .
and the kick started with an ass that was banging cement .
and the kicks were going to start with the butt of the cement trucker .
and the kick started being kicked by the butt of the cement trucker .
will be kicked in the butt of the cement trucker .
and that was going to start with an ass that was banging cement .
and the kick would have started with an ass that drilled a concrete floor .
and the kicking will begin with an ass that will pour cement .
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear out of the internet about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about the joke on the internet about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you listen to a joke on the internet about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about the internet joke that everyone is talking about a doctor and a student doctor ?
did you guys hear about a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about the internet joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about spreading a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students on the internet ?
one thing he 's going to do is let his mom go .
one that will never be done will always be a mother 's place .
one that will never be done , will always be her mother 's place .
she never wants you to let her mom out .
she does n't want to do anything but leave her mom alone .
one does n't want to be left alone by her mother .
one thing he 'll never let his mother out of his sight .
she knows she 's never gon na let her mom out .
what she would never do , she would n't let her mom out .
she certainly does n't care if she leaves her mother alone .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing great feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling . ''
what an amazing feeling . ''
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing great feeling .
technical negotiations will focus on how to assess the results of the tests .
the negotiations will carry out on how to assess the results of the tests .
technical negotiations are underway regarding the assessment of the results of the tests .
the negotiations will focus on how to assess the results of the tests .
will come to a technical discussion about how to assess the results of the tests .
technical negotiations are underway in the area of the assessment of the results of the tests .
will speak in technical terms in the assessment of the results of the tests .
technical negotiations will be conducted regarding the assessment of the results of the tests . ''
the technical negotiations will carry out on how to assess the results of the tests .
technical negotiations are about how to assess the results of the tests .
they know all devices
they know each device
they all know everything .
they all know the devices .
they all know each have .
they all know each .
everyone knows the device
they all know each device .
everyone knows you have different devices
they all know each .
this is especially done during warm periods .
this is mainly happening due to warm periods .
this is especially observed .
this is especially happening .
this is especially happening .
this is done mostly during warm periods .
this is especially true of warm periods .
this is happening mostly during warm periods .
warm periods usually occur .
this is especially true .
the bears are not braided .
the bears do n't have a gramophone !
the bears do n't have !
the bears do n't have a gramophone !
the bears are n't building a gramophone .
the bears do n't have a rap bar .
the bears are not limping .
the bears have n't got a gramophone !
the bears are not big ones .
the bears are not ruffians .
they 're all yours ,
this is everything ,
everything belongs to you ,
it 's all yours ,
they 're all yours
everything belongs to you ,
your whole thing is yours ,
everything belongs to you ,
everything is yours . . .
they 're all yours
at least there will be no such awkward silence .
at least we 'll be held in this awkward silence !
at least we ca n't keep it that way .
at least we 'll keep this quiet for a while .
and at least there 's a way to keep this awkward silence .
and now it 's better .
at least as long as it 's not an awkward silence .
at least , i 'll keep an uncomfortable silence .
at least it 's where the awkward silence ends .
at least for as uncomfortable as possible .
this is going to be tough .
this is challenging .
this is hard .
this is going to be tough .
this is going .
this is going '' hard .
this is hard .
this is going to be tough .
this is complicated .
this is going to be tough .
and your visit 's bad for me !
and the overnight visit bothers my .
and i was on my way late last night .
and your overnight visit annoys me !
and your late , you irritate my little things .
and your visit bothered me for a long time .
and your overnight stay was uncomfortable .
and all of a sudden i 'm sick of your late night visit .
and your overnight stay is uncomfortable .
and late i 'll be irritated by your evening visit .
do not wait for half an hour to kill her .
do not wait for half an hour before you kill her .
do not delay her in half when she 's 30 minutes dead .
do not wait until you 've killed her for thirty minutes !
do not wait for half an hour to kill her .
do not give up half way and kill her in half an hour .
do not delay her until she is killed in half an hour .
do not delay her until the end of 30 minutes .
do not hesitate to kill her in half an hour .
do not be delayed by half , kill her in half an hour .
but today it seems that all women are talking about tramps .
but it seems all these women are talking about hookers today .
but the talk of whores seems to be a habit of every woman today .
but women seem to be talking like whores at this time of every woman .
but talks like a whore looks like a habit for every woman today .
but such women seem to be the norm for all these women today .
but as a rule , she 's always talking like a whore .
but everyone says they 're gon na talk like tramps today .
but the talk of whores seems like a habit of every woman today .
but women seem to be talking like whores at this time .
but in spite of these terrible circumstances , their smile was always of pride ,
but in these horrible circumstances , i 'm sure , the smiles were always proud even .
even in such dire circumstances , smiling always with pride
but even this terrible time their smile was always filled with pride
but in these terrible circumstances they always smiled with pride
but in these terrible circumstances their smile was always of pride
but even in these terrible circumstances they smiled proudly .
but the smile always remained on their face despite the terrible circumstances
but yet they have smiled in such dire circumstances
even in these terrible circumstances their smile was always filled with pride
there 's a strange magic explanation , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
there 's a strange magic explanation for that , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
two things , but damon is actually a drink of hydrochloric acid .
there 's a strange magic explanation , but it 's as if damon was actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
just one more witches , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
for two things and a magic explanation he must have . . . the fact that damon drinks hydrochloric acid .
one , but he must have some kind of supernatural explanation .
one more curses , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
two things , but he must have some kind of magic explanation .
yes , but there 's a strange way to explain it , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
you should . ''
should have ensured that there would be no violence .
you should have ensured that there would be no violence .
you should n't have . ''
you should n't have ensured that there was no violence .
you should have taken care of the violence . no violence .
you should n't have .
you should n't have taken any violence .
you should n't have ensured that there would be no violence . ''
you should have ensured that there was no violence . ''
yet the figure was inexorably .
the figure was not precise .
the figure was scarce .
the figure was nowhere .
the exact number was nowhere .
the figure was no longer .
the figure really was n't .
it was n't determined .
the figure was never precise .
yet the figure came up .
then shall we go to eat ?
shall we go for lunch again ?
then shall we go for lunch ?
shall we go to ?
then shall we go for lunch ?
shall we go out for lunch ?
shall we go for lunch ?
shall we go for lunch ?
shall we go to lunch ?
shall we go to lunch ?
is dave going to play today ?
does dave want to play again ?
is dave going to play today ?
does dave play today ?
will dave play tonight ?
does dave still play today ?
does dave still play today ?
does dave play yet ?
will dave play today , too ?
does dave play tomorrow night ?
good luck with it .
lucky to all of you .
good luck with that .
good luck , damn it .
good luck with everything .
lucky to you .
very lucky to you .
good luck out of here .
lucky to have you .
lucky to you .
well , i have to confess i was happy to work with you both .
well , i have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
all i have to say is that i was happy to work with you both .
well , i confess that i was happy to work with you both .
well , i have to say it was an honor to work with you two .
well , i 'm sure i have to admit i was happy to work with you .
well , i 'm sure i have to admit i was happy to work with you .
well , i must confess that i was happy to work with both of you .
well , i would have to say i was happy to work with you both .
well , i confess i was happy to work with both of you .
so hopefully they do n't drain ?
did n't i expect it ?
i still have no drain hope ?
i just do n't hope that 's a drain ?
so i hope it 's not a drain ?
hopefully they do n't drain ?
hopefully they do n't drain like that ?
so hopefully they do n't drain me ?
hopefully they do n't drain so much ?
hopefully i do n't drain them ?
otherwise go and expect an increase in the number of casualties .
otherwise , that would mean an accelerated increase in the number of casualties .
otherwise go and expect a rapid increase in casualties .
otherwise , the number will rise .
otherwise , this will lead to rapid increases in the number of casualties .
otherwise , to expect an increase in the number of casualties .
otherwise expect an increase in casualties and quickly increase the number of victims .
otherwise , we 'd expect . . . rapid increases in mortality .
otherwise wait and die .
otherwise , we can expect an increase in casualties and increase the number of casualties .
the bank is more than willing to risk .
the bank now considers it too risky .
the bank is already taking too much risk .
the bank thinks we 're taking too much risk .
the bank seems to be taking too much risk .
the bank is in what they consider too much risk .
the bank now considers that there is too much risk .
the bank considers that this is too risky .
the bank considers that this is too risky .
the bank now thinks we 're taking too much risk .
he 'll send an apology to you , mr . inspector .
you apologize . '' he said .
he said 's sorry , detective .
there 's one apology he sent me .
there 's an apology for that , '' he said .
he apologizes . he 's sending an apology .
the examiner 's got to apologize .
the examiner 's apologized to him .
we 're . he 's sending an apology .
here 's a note to apologize , examiner .
so there 's a whole family in trouble ?
so everyone is worrying ?
so everything is going to trouble for our family ?
so everything will fall into the hands of our family ?
so everyone is having a problem with our family ?
so we 're gon na have a whole family in trouble ?
so there 's trouble .
so the whole family get ?
so our families will have a lot of trouble ?
so this is a whole family ?
anything weird in the hallway ?
anything in there ?
anything dangerous in the hallway ?
anything weird going through that passageway ?
anything out there ?
anything out there ?
anything in the hallway ?
any kind of secret passageway ?
anything weird in the hallway ?
anything out of the passageway ?
the mystery was created , a secret system for sending letters .
the mystery was working , a secret system of sending letters .
the following figures were created by her mysterious figure for the purpose of creating a secret delivery system .
secrets had been created by this mysterious figure .
she was building a secret system for sending messages , based on this mysterious figure .
secrets were created by this mysterious figure .
the mystery was created by her , a secret system for sending letters .
using a mysterious figure , she was entrusted with a secret system of payments .
a puzzling figure was created by her that created a secret system of applications .
the mystery created her , created a secret system for sending mail .
sure . for luck .
okay , for some luck .
yes , for a very good reason .
okay , out of luck .
yeah , for some .
yeah '' for you .
lucky for you . ''
yeah , and lucky .
lucky , for once .
lucky for sure .
the whole london and were locked up there are trapped in this place .
all of london and all residents are locked up in this place .
all london and entire residents were just locked up .
the entire and entire london is being held in this place .
all london and all residents have been locked up in this place .
all london and residents were locked up in this place .
london and everyone had been locked up in this place .
the whole and entire london city is locked up in this place to keep an eye on the population .
all london and people are trapped in this place .
all the city and parts of london locked up in this place .
that does n't happen so fast .
this has never happened so quickly !
that 's not happen !
this is never done !
that does n't happen so quickly .
this is not done !
this has never happened so quickly !
that 's not happen !
this is not supposed to happen .
this is really not done !
award voters adore actresses !
award voters adore theatre !
award voters adore daring theatre .
award winner adore actresses .
awards voters adore daring actresses .
award voters adore a courageous actress .
award voters adore daring theatre daring .
high profile voters adore actresses .
award voters loves theatre !
award voters are praising daring actors .
engaging in a policy dialogue about environmental issues is priority .
integrating environmental issues into policy dialogue is a top priority .
to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue is priority .
engaging in a policy dialogue about environmental issues is a top priority for the commission .
engaging in a policy dialogue about environmental issues is a top priority .
engaging in a policy dialogue on environmental issues is one major priority .
integrating environmental issues into a policy dialogue is a top priority for the commission .
integrating environmental issues into a policy dialogue is priority .
to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue is a top priority .
an approach to environmental integration is a top priority for the commission .
your students did n't .
your student , you failed !
your pupils failed !
your students do n't work .
your student . '' you failed !
students , '' they failed !
you have n't succeeded .
you do n't have students , you 're not doing well .
your students wo n't succeed .
a student , '' he failed .
're an idiot !
you really are .
hey , you 're an asshole !
hey , you 're an idiot !
hey , you 're idiot !
you 're an idiot .
you idiot yourself .
what an idiot i am !
what do you mean . . .
what an idiot you are .
you do n't want me to kill my best friend , do you ?
you wo n't kill my best friend , does it ?
you wo n't kill my best friend , will you ?
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend , okay ?
you do n't want me to kill my best friend , do you ?
you do n't want me to kill my best friend , do you understand ?
you do n't think i 'm gon na kill my best friend , do you ?
i 'm not gon na murder my best friend ?
i do n't want to kill my best friend , right ?
you 'll see , i wo n't murder my best friend , wo not you ?
it 's beautiful and everything !
it 's a great architect and beautiful !
it 's beautiful architecture and everything !
it 's beautiful , the architect .
it 's a great , beautiful architect .
a nice and nice guy .
this is architect , yeah .
it 's a beautiful , architect .
it 's beautiful , everything .
it 's beautiful , everything !
i really like him .
i like the look .
i love him so much !
i like him .
i like him .
i love him ! he 's beautiful .
i love the look of him .
i really like him .
i like him .
i kind of like him .
the motor was not .
the engine did n't work .
the motor ran out .
he did n't have .
he 's not got . . . an engine .
the engine was n't used .
that was n't engine .
that was just an engine .
that was n't her engine .
no , he was n't engine !
this will hurt him and my feelings !
this could hurt him and hurt my feelings !
and this will hurt him as well as my feelings !
that would be in his interest and my interest !
that would hurt him as well as my feelings !
this will hurt him and it will hurt me .
that was a mistake and a mistake for me .
and this will hurt him and my feelings !
and this was going to hurt him and my feelings !
this hurts him and hurts my feelings !
here 's fifty five bucks .
here 's 50 bucks .
today 's 50 bucks .
here 's 50 of them .
our 50 bucks .
here 's 50 ' 50 percent .
it 's 50 bucks !
fifty dollars ' worth .
then we 're 50 !
fifty bucks to go .
i had absolutely no idea !
i had no idea then !
i had no idea then !
i had no idea !
i never knew anything !
i never knew this !
i never had an idea !
i never knew anything !
i never had one idea !
i never had a clue !
the xene planet saves captain wobbo .
one planet is going to save captain wobbo !
the xene planet saves wubba !
the planet xene will save !
planet xenon will help !
one planet saves wubba !
kozlik saves captain wobbo .
one planet is saving captain wobbo .
the xenon planet will help !
the entire planet is going to save captain wobbo .
why do you all look at her today ?
why do you look around at all today ?
why do you look at her around today ?
why do n't you see that around today ?
why do you want me to look at her around today ?
how about i take a look at her today ?
why are you looking around at her today ?
why do you look out for her today ?
why are you looking out for her today ?
why do you even see him around today ?
no country is even third .
the country is not representative of the third world .
the third world 's not one country .
the third would not belong to any country .
no country is even worthy of the third world .
the country is not even third in the world .
the third world is not in any country .
this is no third world country !
no country is even third . ''
this is not even a third world country !
you do n't get so fast !
you 're not fast .
you 're not dying .
you 're fast !
you 're not dying so fast .
you 're not so quick .
you 're not so quick .
you 're too fast to die .
you do n't die ! ''
you 're too quick .
the scream tells my stories .
your scream says the same .
your scream told the story .
your screams say her !
the scream is yours .
your scream says no .
your scream tell me !
the scream is yours . ''
your screams describe my screams !
your screams say it !
two weeks is short .
two weeks is enough to do something .
there 's two weeks away .
two weeks does n't mean much .
two weeks should n't have been enough .
two weeks will not be enough .
the two weeks is short .
two weeks is short .
two weeks , not a lot more .
two weeks are missing .
did paddick dance ?
did paddick dance today ?
did mr paddick dance ?
does paddick dance today ?
did mr paddick dance ?
does paddick have a dance ?
did paddick dance that ?
did paddick dance it ?
did mr . paddick dance with you ?
did paddick dance ?
excuse me , are you kidding me ?
you 're not kidding , dad .
you do n't understand my jokes , father ?
are you kidding me , father ?
are n't you kidding , dad ?
stop kidding , do you understand ?
do you have to be kidding me , dad ?
excuse me , is it a joke ?
dad , can you be kidding me now ?
you 're not kidding , dad .
it was n't my best day .
will be remembered for a day that will never be forgotten .
we had one not .
he reminded me of a day .
it was a day no one else remembers .
he had a day not to forget .
he had a memorable day never .
we had a day never .
we have n't forgotten .
he remembered one days vividly .
peter connelly should fly .
peter connelly should have taken the plane today .
peter connelly should have flown in the evening .
peter connelly should have taken the plane today .
should have been on the plane tonight .
peter connelly should fly out of here today .
peter connelly should have taken the plane today .
peter '' should have taken the plane tonight .
but peter should have taken the plane tonight .
peter connelly should have the plane tonight . ''
are you kidding ?
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding ? ''
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding me ?
are you telling me the joke ?
are you kidding ?
are you making fun of me ?
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding me ?
his mood may change .
his mood may change . . .
his mood 's changing !
his mood change him !
his mood changes him .
his mood may turn out .
his mood changes this .
but his mood may have changed .
he can . ''
mood changes her .
11 thunderstorms , then three more .
11 thunderstorms , completely 3 objectives .
thunder storm 11 . 1 . . . exactly 3 . 1
11th down , three of the goals .
bad luck 11 . 0 to 2 . 0 . target .
11 total targets , the whole thing .
thunder 11 . 1 . 1 to 1 . 2 . 3 .
11 11 , all three objectives complete .
thunder strike the target exactly , three shot .
thunder 11 , three times , nothing more . no .
can it be ? ''
can it be ? !
can this be done ?
can it be this ?
can it be this good ?
is it ? ''
can it be ?
can it be ? ''
can it be this one ?
is this going to happen ?
sleep . . . go out .
sleep . . . sleep !
sleep . . . sleep !
sleep . . . sleep !
bedtime . . . sleep !
bedtime . . . sleep ! . .
so . . . bed time !
sleep , sleep !
sleep . go to sleep .
sleep . . . sleep it !
my friends ' friends .
here 's my friends !
my friend 's here !
my friends do .
my friend 's here !
my friends ' place .
my friend downstairs .
buddy 's all my friends !
even my friends do !
my friend 's home !
are you all right ?
is everything all right ?
is everything all right ?
are you all right ?
are you all right here ?
are you all right ?
are you all right ?
are you all right ?
are n't you all right ?
no , all right ?
but that was n't bothering helena .
but that was n't the cause of helena 's concern .
but that was n't the point of helena 's worries .
but helena was n't worried about that .
but that was n't so bad helena .
but helena was n't worried about that .
but the helena was n't afraid of it .
but helena was n't worried about that .
but the helens is n't worried about that .
but that was never a problem for helena .
is he opening yet and leaving no prints ?
he 's not opening the door , is he ?
he 's not opening the door , leaves you ?
he 's just opening the door , but leaves you ?
he 's not opening the door yet , but he has left no prints ?
he 's opening the door and not leaving any prints , right ?
he 's not opening the door , but he leaves no prints ?
he 's opening and leaving ?
he 's opening the door , but he 'm not leaving any prints ?
he does n't open the door , but he leaves no prints ?
by your majesty 's order !
to your majesty .
do your highness order .
by your majesty commands .
your majesty , execute her order !
yes , your majesty order !
by your order .
by your order , your majesty !
by your orders .
order your highness .
his complication is predictable .
her complication is predictable !
his complication is self evident .
her complication is predictable . . .
her complication is predictable . ''
his complication is expected .
his complication is more predictable .
his complication is all predictable .
complication is predictable !
complication is self evident .
okay , so let 's talk about it !
okay , so we 're gon na talk about it .
okay , we 'll be talking about this .
okay , we 'll talk .
okay , we 'll talk about it .
all right , tell us next .
okay , we 're gon na talk about this .
okay , we 're gon na talk about this .
so next we 're gon na talk about it .
well , then we 'll talk !
that 's our gym 's !
here 's our gym !
here 's our guy 's gym !
here 's our olympic game gym !
it 's our gym 's !
here 's our gym !
the gym 's our gym !
these are our gymnasiums .
here 's the gym .
that 's our gym !
the old woman esk was biting her lip . . . ? . . and imagined her being sent home in shame .
esk then bit down her lip and imagined the shame of sending her home .
esk chewed his lip . . . and imagined himself as being sent home in shame .
the old woman was biting her lip , and there was a thought that she would be sent home in shame .
and the old woman was already biting her lip , and she thought of sending her home in shame .
esk bit her lip soft , the idea of sending her home with shame , flashed through her mind .
esk jokingly did n't bite her lip . and imagined herself being sent home in shame .
esk bit into her lip and imagined the way they would send her home in shame .
the old woman bit her lip , and she imagined how they would send her home in shame .
esk chewed nervously , and imagined the shame of sending her home .
south park is going to the eternal shadow .
south park is disappearing .
south park will remain in eternal shadow .
south park casts shadow .
south park is turning into a perpetual shadow .
south park is disappearing .
south park will be shrouded in eternal shadow .
south park is turning into a perpetual shadow .
in south park , it 's growing !
south park will disappear .
maybe it 's not the best chance .
i probably have it somewhere .
i guess , it 's not .
maybe it 's not him .
now it 's probably no chance .
maybe it 's not a chance .
i i do n't think there 's any chance .
i do n't think there 's any chance .
i guess i do n't have a chance .
i guess . . . do n't have a chance .
we just knew the jasmine would be picked up before the sun .
we all know you ca n't pick jasmine before dark .
we all know this from the beginning that jasmine can only be taken before dawn .
of us all know jasmine can only be taken before dawn .
we all know you ca n't pick jasmine before dark .
we all know you ca n't pick jasmine before dark .
we all know you ca n't pick jasmine before the sun rises .
we all know the jasmine in front of the sun .
we all know this .
we just need the jasmine to be picked up before the sun rises .
i 'm interested in writing memoirs . '' said vimes .
i took my memory as one of the considerations .
yeah , my memory was a factor in writing .
to write a memoir was a great consideration .
writing about it was my decision .
in my mind , i wrote my memoirs .
as for my memoirs , i had something to consider .
i gave myself the option of writing my memoirs .
my consideration was the memoirs itself .
my interest in memoirs was remembrance .
there are only two vague rumours .
there 's 18 foreigners there .
there are only so many vague rumours as the alleged aliens at hangar 18 .
there are only other vague rumours as well as the alleged alien in hangar 18 .
there are only other vague rumours like those of the aliens at hangar 18 , too vague .
it 's two things apart from another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
there are only two more vague rumours .
there 's one more vague rumor .
there 's nothing more than a vague rumour as well as an alleged alien in hangar 18 .
there are n't any other vague rumours like the one about the aliens in hangar 18 .
just stand by vorbis if he wants , even if he does n't want to last night .
keep an eye on vorbis , if and if he wants to do what he did last night .
stand by vorbis , if and if he wants to do what he wanted to do yesterday .
stand by vorbis no matter where he is or what he wanted to do yesterday .
stand by vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
keep an eye on vorbis when and if he wants to do what he did last night .
stay close to vorbis no matter where or when he wanted to do it yesterday .
keep an eye on vorbis if and when he wants to do what he did last night .
stand by vorbis no matter where he is , and what he wanted to do yesterday .
positions in which he stood beside vorbis and regardless of what he had done last night .
stilgar had not found himself answering that question .
stilgar did n't see himself answering that question .
stilgar could n't figure out the answer .
stilgar could n't answer that question any more .
stilgar could n't answer that question at all .
stilgar did n't give him the answer to that question .
stilgar could n't have answered that question .
stilgar could not answer that question at all .
stilgar did n't feel able to answer that question .
stilgar could n't figure out .
it was a really weird day !
that was a really weird day .
that was a really weird day .
that was really weird today .
it was a really weird day !
we were all weird .
it was a really weird day !
it was one really weird day .
it was really weird today .
we all had weird .
carol , santa ca n't be done if i do n't find mrs claus .
carol , i ca n't stay at santa 's if i do n't find mrs claus .
carol , the santa ca n't be here if i do n't find mrs . claus .
carol , santa , i ca n't stay here if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
carol , i ca n't stay at santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
carol santa ca n't stay if i do n't find mrs claus .
carol santa ca n't keep me from being santa if i do n't find mrs claus .
carol santa ca n't go any further if i do n't find mrs claus .
mrs . claus ca n't go on santa if i do n't find her .
carol santa ca n't keep going if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
all right , scooby ?
you all right , scooby ?
are you okay , scooby ?
are you all right , scooby doo ?
ok , scooby doo .
are you all right scooby doo ?
all right , one ?
are you all right , scooby ?
is everything okay , scooby doo ?
okay , scooby doo ?
we have great , sunday !
oh , we have great maps .
it 's sunday !
it 's sunday one .
we have one big sunday list .
oh , yeah , sunday 's great list .
we have one great sunday !
oh , we have an amazing sunday .
the big leaderboard is sunday !
we have sunday 's great list !
envoy did not feel obligated to the commander .
envoy has not needed the commander .
envoy was not an appropriate commander .
envoy 's commander was not necessary .
the envoy did not feel necessary to the commander .
envoy did not need commander .
the envoy was not interested in the commander present .
the envoy was not necessary .
envoy was not commander .
envoy needed not commander .
i 'd rather die here .
i rather would n't .
i rather would n't die .
i 'd settle for death .
i 'd rather die than live .
i would n't give up .
i 'd settle down rather than dead .
i rather die here .
i would n't care about death .
i rather die .
what monster can do that ?
what monster can do that ? ''
what monster would do that ?
what kind of monster can do that ?
what monster did that ?
what monster would ever do that ?
what kind of monster can he do ?
what monster can do that ? !
what monster can he do ? ''
what big monster can he do ?
we killed . ''
we 've killed !
sir , we were murdered .
we killed him !
traitor ! '' we killed !
he was murdered .
we shot down .
we killed telepath !
we 've killed . ''
we were photographing .
and this unit exists in all processors because they 're mathematical .
and this unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
and in all processors , this unit is found .
and this unit is found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
and this unit exists in all processors , which are mathematical .
and this unit is the same for all processors .
and this unit has all processors because of math .
and that 's because he 's doing math .
and this unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
and this unit is found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
our bodies are very easy to treat , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
this can heal easily , not very easily , but emotional scars will never leave you in such a state .
injuries easy , but it 's what emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
physical injuries are their own as well as emotional trauma .
wound up and get over your body so easy , emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
getting rid of bodily injuries is easy , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
the body is not easy to treat , but one forgets the emotional scars .
injuries are on their bodies , but their effects will disappear very easily .
injuries to the body simply are not easy to treat , but emotional scars on their faces .
the body ca n't be cured easily , but a mental scar .
we 'll discuss . . . mental health .
we 'll talk psychology .
we 'll be talking about mental health today .
we 'll talk . ''
let 's talk about our mental health .
we will . ''
we 'll be talking about mental health today .
we 'll talk about our mental health .
we 'll be talking about mental health today ! right ?
we 'll be talking about mental health today
he 'll return tonight !
he will come back tonight . ''
he 'll return tonight !
he 'll come back tonight . time .
i 'll come back tonight .
i 'll come back tonight .
he 'll come back tonight .
he 'll be coming back tonight .
you 'll be back tonight .
he 'll return today .
how beautiful it is . . .
how wonderful is that .
how 's it beautiful ?
how is that great ?
it 's beautiful . . .
how is it beautiful ?
how beautiful is it ?
it 's . . . beautiful .
they 're beautiful how beautiful !
it 's most beautiful .
there were many doubts .
there were doubts .
there have been many doubts about this investment .
there were some doubts .
there were a great many doubts .
there are many people questioned about this investment .
there have been many people to doubt this investment .
there were more doubts .
there are many doubts .
many people in the area doubted .
we 'll forget . ''
we 'll forget .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about it . ''
i 'll forget . ''
i forgot him out .
i 'll forget about it . ''
i 'll forget about it .
P> the chopper 's here ! !
the chopper 's on !
let 's all go .
has a chopper .
there 's a .
chopper 's all go .
it 's going !
chopper 's there !
the chopper 's coming !
the chopper 's a helicopter !
everything has its flavors complementary .
everything is a great complement .
everything is . . . delicious .
everything is a complement to each other .
and everything is complementary .
everything is complementary each other .
everything has its complement , very nice .
everything else is delicious .
everything . . . this is delicious .
. . . each flavor is complementary .
then she wiped out the dust from her gloves and headed for the northern edge .
then adjunct wiped the dust from his gloves and headed for the northern edge .
then she wiped out the dust from her gloves and headed her way to the north .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed for the northern edge .
then she wiped the dust off her gloves and headed for the northern edge .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he moved cautiously toward the northern edge .
then the adjunct came out with his gloves and headed for the northern edge .
then she wiped the dust out of her gloves and headed her way to the north .
after wiping the dust off his gloves , adjunct took off toward the northern edge .
then she brushed and went to the northern edge of the adjunct .
'that 's no option , 'appius said .
'that 's no option , 'said appius .
'that 's why we did n't have a chance to escape , 'said appius .
'we did n't escape , 'appius said .
'that 's why we did n't have a choice , 'appius said angrily .
'there 's no way to escape , 'said appius .
'there were no other options for us , 'said appius .
'we could not escape , 'said appius .
'we have no choice of escape , 'appius said .
'our escape has not been ruled out , 'said appius .
calm down , calm down .
ok . calm down .
relax , calm down .
okay , calm down .
ok . calm down .
calm down and relax .
calm down , calm down .
ok . calm down .
just . calm down .
just calm down .
no fear , you 'll be nowhere to see your dick .
guys , hey , okay , 'cause no one 's gon na find your little dick .
hey , no fear , he 'll never find his little dick .
dude , no worries , 'cause he 's not gon na find your little dick .
nothing to be afraid of , man . , because he wo n't find your little dick
no fear , buddy , he wo n't find your little dick .
no worries , buddy , he 's gon na never find his little dick .
do n't worry about it , buddy .
, man , do n't worry , buddy , because he wo n't find your little dick .
dude , no worries about that , 'cause he 's not gon na find your dick .
it ca n't be done !
it ca n't work .
it ca n't work . ''
it ca n't go on !
it ca n't go now !
it ca n't be done !
it just ca n't .
it wo n't be possible !
it ca n't .
it could never work .
did you bring dollars ?
did you bring dollars bill ?
did you bring a dollar 's bill ?
did you bring your dollar bills ?
did you bring us a dollar bill ?
did you bring your dollars ?
were you carrying dollars ?
did you bring british ?
did you guys bring a dollar ?
did you bring the dollar bills ?
property pages could not access the properties . . .
properties could not be connected because s
unable to connect to properties page . . .
property pages could not be connected because s
unable to connect to properties page because s . . .
property page was unable
properties could not be connected to properties because s . . .
unable to connect to property page '
unable to connect to properties page
for pages with properties , there could n't be a connection . . .
did anyone see anything ?
did anyone see him ?
did anyone see anything ?
did anyone get noticed ?
did anyone see anything ?
did anyone see ?
anyone did see anything ?
so did anyone see ?
did anyone see ?
did anyone see ? ''
'there 's a lot of work tomorrow , 'he said .
'there 'll be plenty of work tomorrow . '
'it 's for tomorrow 's work . '
'there 's a lot of work going on tomorrow .
'there 's a lot of work for tomorrow .
'it 's a lot of work for tomorrow ! '
'we 'll have a lot of work to do tomorrow ! '
'there 's a lot of work to be done tomorrow .
'it 's for tomorrow 's work .
'we 'll work ! '
how cute is he ?
what 's so cute ?
what 's that cute ?
how 's it nice ?
how 's the sweet ?
what 's the cute one ?
what 's so cute ?
how cute is that ?
how cute is he ?
how 's it nice ?
i 'm ignoring what you 're telling me .
i 'll ignore everything you 've told me .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
i have nothing to do with what you 're saying .
i 'll ignore what you 're telling me .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
i 'm ignoring what you 're saying .
i 'll ignore everything you 've told me .
i 'm just gon na ignore what you 're saying .
muslims killed the muslim .
muslims killed muslim people .
muslims killed the muslim .
muslims killed muslim .
muslims are killed .
muslims were killing !
muslims killed the muslim .
muslims were killed !
muslims killed muslim man .
muslims killed them .
he needs or he 's going to die !
he has or has a chance to die .
he must either be operated or die !
he needs surgery or dies .
he 's operating or dying !
he needs to be operated or he 's going to die !
he needs surgery or dies .
we have or he will die !
he 'll have to operate or he 's going to die !
he must or will die !
did turk catch an ambush ?
did the turk fall into the trap ?
did turk catch the ?
was the turkey traping ?
did the turk fall ?
did the turk come to the trap ?
did turk fall into an ambush ?
did turk catch the traps ?
did turk catch the one ?
did turk get the damn thing ?
find some descriptions .
search the descriptions .
do any descriptions exist ?
any describing things ?
familiar the descriptions .
have any described things ?
given the descriptions .
search the descriptions .
do descriptions exist ?
find some describeations ?
are you a joke ?
are you kidding ?
are you kidding me ?
are you a joke ?
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding ?
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding this ?
are you a joke ?
that 's hard .
this is going to be tough !
these are hard .
that 's gon na be hard .
and that 's gon na be hard .
it will . ''
but that 's gon na be hard .
that must be .
is this going to be hard ?
these are going to be tough !
did you see the guy who killed your brother ?
did you see his men after his brother 's death ?
did you see him from the moment of your brother 's death ?
did you see him from his brother 's death ?
did you see his face after his brother 's death ?
did you see a man like that after his brother 's death ?
did you see him after his brother 's death ?
did you see the guy who killed your brother ?
did you see him to your brother 's death ?
did you see that man after his brother 's death ?
to throw money away was the only way he felt strong .
throwing in the garbage was his only way to feel strong .
he was just throwing money away and his strength could never be felt .
throwing money away was useless .
to throw money away was a strong feeling .
throwing money around was like a strong feeling for him .
throwing money away , it was his only way of feeling strong .
he spent only a waste of money to feel strong .
throwing in the garbage was useless .
he was simply the only thing that gave him strength .
would we go and build a house in the mountains ?
would we climb a mountain and build a house in it ?
would we go and build ?
would we go to the mountains and build a house there ?
would we climb a mountain and build a house in it ?
would we be climbing mountains and building a house ?
would we go to the mountains and build a house there ?
would we go down there and build a house ?
would we go up to the mountains and into the house ?
would we go to the mountains and build a house there ?
the presentation must store and record before the start of the broadcast .
the presentation must be saved and recorded before the start of the recording , presentation , or start the broadcast .
the presentation must be saved prior to the start of the record , the timetable , or the broadcast .
the presentation must be saved before the record is recorded and start the broadcast off .
the presentation must be saved before the record is recorded , or before the broadcast is started .
the presentation must be saved in advance before the record is recorded or before the broadcast is started .
the presentation must be saved prior to the start of the record , presentation , or start the broadcast .
the presentation must be saved prior to the start of the record , the timetable , or will be broadcast .
the slides must be saved before the record is recorded or before the start of the broadcast .
the presentation must be saved in advance before the record is recorded , or the broadcast is started .
what we want to discuss is with my father
we need to talk to our father !
we 're gon na have a word with your dad .
and tell us to talk to my dad .
we '' want to talk to our father .
what 's important is to talk to your father !
to have a word with your father .
what 's going on with your dad is .
what 's going on is going to tell dad .
what 's going on is your dad 's talking .
we need more capable of working with the agency .
we need to strengthen the capacity of the office in this area .
we need . . strengthening the capacity of the office .
we need an agency capable of strengthening its capacity .
we need to strengthen the capacities of the office in this area .
we need to strengthen the capacity of the office . it is necessary to do so .
we are more likely to strengthen the capacity of the office .
we need '' to strengthen its capacity .
it must be further enhanced by the capacity of the office .
we need the agency capable of strengthening its capacity . ''
this decision does not specifically allow for an extension of the deadline .
this decision is expressly allowing for an extension of the deadline .
this decision is not limited to an extension of the deadline .
this decision has not specifically been extended .
this decision is not set out explicitly in the application of the extension of the deadline .
this decision is expressly reserved for extending the deadline .
this decision is not intended to extend the deadline .
this decision is yet to provide for an explicit extension of the deadline .
the decision is expressly limiting the extension of the deadline under appeal .
this decision expressly does not extend .
what a nice young man !
what a nice young man !
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome lad ! ''
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome boy !
what a handsome lad ! ''
his last few minutes were in a frenzy of hatred that raged against all of humanity .
his final minutes were filled with rage and hatred for all of humanity .
his final minutes were in a frenzy of hatred that raged against all of humanity .
his last few minutes were filled with rage and hatred for all of humanity .
his last minutes were in a frenzy of hatred that raged against all of humanity .
his last minute was drowned out by hatred that raged against all of humanity .
his final minutes seemed to be filled with hatred and anger at all of humanity .
his last minute was filled with rage and hatred for all of humanity .
his last minute was in a frenzy of hatred that raged against all of humanity .
his last minute was full of hatred and anger at all of humanity .
they 're afraid of the visions of st clary .
they 're running out of fear of the visions of st clary .
they 're afraid of the visions of st clary .
they 're going crazy out of fear of st clairvoyant visions .
they 're afraid of the visions of st clary . ''
he 's running out of fear of st clary 's vision .
they run it out of fear of st clary 's vision .
people are afraid of the vision of st clara .
it 's like they 're running out of fear of st clary 's vision .
people are running out of fear of st clary 's vision .
with any luck , he wo n't be bad .
lucky , nobody gets hurt .
with any luck , nobody wo n't be hurt !
with any luck , no one gets hurt !
with luck , it 's not bad .
not hurt anyone , he wo n't hurt anyone .
with any luck , no one will n't be hurt !
with any luck , nobody will be hurt !
with any luck , he wo n't hurt anyone .
with any luck , it 's okay .
the whole military effort is working !
the great military efforts are continuing to lead us .
the whole military effort is taking place .
the whole military effort has to be done .
the military effort is being put in place .
the military forces are working .
the military effort is going very well .
the military effort is taking its place .
the whole military is doing its best .
the great army effort is continuing !
all this is going to be called elena 's waiting .
this was going to be called elena 's wait .
this is singing by elena waiting .
the song is being called elena 's wait .
this is called elena 's wait .
this is called elena 's waiting song .
this is elena waiting .
that was calling elena 's waiting song .
the singing is called elena 's wait .
the song is waiting !
we came up in a damn trap !
we got caught in a damn trap !
we went straight to the damn trap !
we just got into !
we 've just been in a damn trap !
we 've been in a damn trap now !
we just got out of the way of a damn trap !
we 've gone straight into the damn trap !
we were just walking into an ambush .
we 've got caught in a damn trap !
i have plans for the film .
i have plans for the film .
i have plans for the film .
i have plans for the film .
i have plans planned for the film .
i have plans for the film . ''
i have plans to film .
i have plans to film . . .
i had plans for the film .
i planned the film .
in the last 10 minutes , i was like that .
in the last 10 minutes , i had something to do with it .
in the last 10 minutes , i felt exactly the same .
in the last 10 minutes , i had a similar problem with myself .
in the last 10 minutes , i 've had a similar problem .
in the last 10 minutes , i 've had a similar problem .
in the last 10 minutes , i 'm like that .
in the last 10 minutes i 've had a similar problem .
in the last 10 minutes , i have a similar problem with myself .
in the last 10 minutes , i was experiencing something like that .
the theory of bay 's life cycle still prefers two or three stages .
theories of bay 's life cycle still have two or three phases .
bay 's theory of two or three stages of life and yet remains a priority .
the theory of bay 's life cycle has two or three phases .
the theory of bay '' means two or three stages of life .
the theory and the three stages remain preference .
the preference still remains bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
the bay one prefers two or three stages of life .
in terms of bay 's theory of two or three stages of life , i prefer the option .
using bay 's theory of two or three stages of life still remains preference .
were you telling us ?
did you help us ?
do you told us ?
did you say to help us ?
were you saying help ?
did you help us ? ''
did you tell us anything ?
were you helping ? ''
were you saying to help ?
did you say help '' ?
but there are improvements !
but there 's a technological improvement .
but there 's progress to improve the technique .
but there 's been a technological improvement .
but there 's a way to improve technology .
but technological advances improve .
but there are technological improvements .
but there 's a technique .
but there 's a technological improvement .
but there have been technological improvements .
it does n't look good for shershow to get married in front of me .
it 's so hard . he 's gon na get married in front of me .
it 's not possible he 's getting married in front of me .
he does n't look good in front of me at shershow 's wedding .
he wants to get married in front of me . he 's not right .
i guess he wo n't be able to get married in front of me .
he does n't give a shit if shershow gets married in front of me .
it 's hard to believe he 's getting married in front of me .
it 's so incredible . he 's getting married in front of me .
's not gon na get married in front of me .
if i bite the dog , they 'll execute me .
if you bite the dog , you 'll be executed !
when you bite the dogs , they 'll execute you .
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute !
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
if you bite the dog , they 'll be executed !
if you bite the dog , they execute !
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
if you bite the dog , they 'll lock up .
if you bite the dogs , they 'll execute you . ''
we have laid down certain requirements for the quality of the work . e . g .
we have been asked about the quality of the product .
we have specified quality requirements .
we have determined several qualitative requirements .
we have specified requirements .
we have set out several criteria for quality .
we have several requirements related to quality .
our requirements are demanding .
we have specified quality criteria .
we have established certain criteria for quality .
lips of brock 's mouth parted silently .
brocks moved out of his mouth without a sound .
brocks moved on without even a sound .
brocks was moving with no sound .
brock of his lips parted and nothing came out .
brock lips parted so he could not make a sound .
brocks moved without opening his mouth .
brocks shut up with no sound .
brock moved until he made no sound .
brock lips moved to the sound of his lips .
what i 'm not gon na do is that you 're gon na call a whore .
what i 'm not gon na do is what you 're gon na call a whore !
whatever you call your wife , never mind !
that 's not what i 'm gon na do with your whore . ''
no one does n't call your wife a whore !
what i 'm not gon na do is call my wife whore !
what you 're gon na tell your wife is a whore too .
i 'll never tell you that your wife is a whore !
what i 'm not gon na do is talk about your whore .
that 's not my place to call your wife a whore !
would it be possible for a ship to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
will it be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
ca n't it be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
will anyone be able to withstand the impact of his underwater monitor ?
would it be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
will it be possible for the ship to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
will the ship of the ship be in charge of its underwater monitor ?
would it be possible for a ship to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
is there any ship that would withstand the impact of its underwater camera ?
will it be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ? ''
with luck we 'll prove .
with luck he 'll prove right .
with luck we 're wrong .
with you , you 're lucky .
with any luck , you 're right about that .
with luck he 's right .
with any luck , we 'll prove it .
you 'll be lucky to be right .
according to luck , you 'll be right .
with luck it proves .
the sound makes terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
.
there are these noises and terrible shrieks .
there are terrible shrieks !
there are so many noises and terrible shrieks .
it sounds and sounds .
the sound is terrible shrieks and ghastly exhalations .
there have been sounds of terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
there are these noises .
there 's been a terrible shriek and a terrible wrinkle .
did our reporter really wake up ?
did our reporter wake up ?
did our reporter woken ?
has our reporter woken yet ?
woke up our reporter ?
woke our pretty reporter ?
was n't our fearless reporter awake ?
did our reporter wake ?
did our reporter get woken ?
did our reporter wake ?
maybe solace is a negotiation .
maybe it 's a negotiation issue .
maybe the solution is ?
maybe solace is a negotiation .
maybe it 's a negotiation . ''
maybe it 's a negotiation .
maybe that 's negotiation .
maybe that 's negotiations .
maybe it 's a better solution .
maybe that 's the solution .
how annoying is that ?
how 's it annoying ?
how annoying are you ?
how annoying he is .
how are you uncomfortable ?
you 're annoying how annoying .
how annoying he is .
how are you uncomfortable ?
how annoying i am .
how annoying i am .
, no , you 're kidding !
, no , that 's not a joke .
it was n't me .
, no , you 're kidding !
it was a joke not .
it was n't just joking .
it was n't sarcasm .
, no , you 're joking .
it was just kidding .
, no , it was n't a joke .
we do n't even own cd drives .
we do n't get good on cd in those cars .
we steal only the right discs .
neither of the cars we 're stealing .
we do n't have a cd in those cars .
we do n't have any cd in those cars .
no , we 're not in the car for cd .
we do n't take cd in .
we do n't have any cd in the stolen cars . ''
those cars , we 're without cd .
i felt really bad for him .
i had something terrible to do with her .
i felt terrible for her !
i felt terrible for him .
i was really terrible about it .
i really felt terrible !
i was terrible in front of her .
i was terrible in front of her .
i really was worried .
i was worried about him .
did i seeing jaws here , film ?
did you see jaws movie ?
did you see jaws ?
did you ever see jaw ?
did you see jaws , film ?
did you ever see jaws , the film ?
did you see jaws , the film ?
well , did you see jaws ?
did you ever see jaw movie ?
did you see jaws ?
morak took a step forward , then raised his sword .
morak stepped forward and raised .
morak nodded , raising his sword .
morak took a step forward , raised his sword .
morak advanced , ready to raise the sword .
morak stepped forward and raised .
morak held up sword .
morak was moving forward , his sword raised .
morak raised his sword , ready to strike .
morak held up his sword , his voice rising .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
it 's one for tomorrow 's banquet .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow . ''
he makes one statement for tomorrow 's banquet .
he 'll announce at a banquet tomorrow .
the president will announce at a banquet tomorrow .
he 'll announce tomorrow .
he makes a statement for tomorrow 's banquet .
watching this movie was amazing !
that was so much fun .
that was a very nice watch .
the film was amazing !
today 's film was amazing .
everyone 's watched a very nice movie .
and the look was amazing .
everyone watched a very nice movie .
looking at the film was amazing .
the look was really nice one .
teresa was surprised at what peter was thinking about .
teresa was at first surprised to think of something like this .
teresa was surprised to think of something like this .
teresa was surprised at what peter was thinking about .
i was surprised at theresa that peter had thought of such a thing .
teresa was a little surprised to think of something like this .
teresa surprised peter would have thought of such a thing .
it was surprising to theresa that peter had thought of such a thing .
teresa was uncharacteristically surprised .
teresa was surprised that peter had thought of such a thing .
i 'm happy to be here .
i 'm happy to be here .
oh , i 'm so happy to be here .
i 'm really happy to be here .
hi . glad i 'm here .
i 'm happy to be here . ''
i 'm glad you came ! ''
i 'm happy too .
we 're very happy to be here .
i 'm happy for you too !
57 seconds , right ?
57 seconds or less !
57 seconds , yet !
57 seconds away !
57 seconds plus !
57 seconds , you know ?
57 seconds at best !
57 seconds away !
57 seconds , not a minute longer !
57 seconds away !
no one would talk to him when his friend was staring at him .
no one would say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one would have said a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one would say a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one would talk about him when his friend was staring at him .
no one would talk to him when his friend was staring at him .
no one could say anything to him when his friend was staring at him .
no one would have said a word when his friend was staring at him .
he no longer said a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one would say a word when he looked at him like that .
his secrets mean federal scientists are constantly searching for him .
his secrets are working on a search for federal scientists all day .
his secrets reveal what federal scientists are investigating at an hourly pace .
his secrets are keeping federal scientists busy investigating him .
his secrets are working 24 hours a day on the search for him .
his secrets are keeping federal scientists on an ongoing investigation .
his secrets are working to uncover the entire federal science .
his secrets are working .
his secrets are being investigated by federal scientists at an hourly pace .
his secrets are carrying out a flurry of federal scientists .
we run out of alcohol , which is why .
this is alcohol and that is why .
here 's why we do n't have alcohol .
that 's all there is alcohol for .
we have and this is because of alcohol .
we 're all out of alcohol , which is why .
we have no alcohol , which is why .
it 's a liquor down .
yes , and we have alcohol for that reason .
we have no alcohol for that .
sofia , you ca n't breastfeed your own son .
sofia , she 's not responsible for breast feeding her baby .
sofia , it 's not the duty of your son to breastfeed him !
sofia , you ca n't take care of your son .
, you ca n't breastfeed your own son .
sofia , you ca n't breastfeed your own son .
, i 'm sure you ca n't breastfeed your son .
, sister , you 're not responsible for breast feeding your son .
sofia , you ca n't breastfeed your own son !
sofia , it 's too important to breastfeed your own son !
let 's get some coffee .
let 's go for a cup of coffee . yeah .
let 's go get some coffee .
let 's go get some coffee .
let 's go get some coffee .
let 's go for a cup of coffee .
let 's get some coffee .
coffee 's out of here .
let 's go get some coffee . we 'll have some .
let 's go get some coffee .
but the funny fool is going to get rich !
but the funny little fool would have gotten rich .
but the funny fool would have gotten rich .
but the funny fool wants to make me rich !
but the funny fool says i 'll get rich .
but the funny fool will get me rich !
but the funny idiots will be rich for me !
but the funny fool is going to get rich !
but the funny fool is going to my wealth .
but this is going to be a funny joke for me .
no , i 'm not doing anything wrong .
no , i 'm not doing anything wrong .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
i 'm not doing anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
all i do , i do n't do anything right .
i 'm not doing anything wrong . ''
how amazing to be .
how amazing i am .
how amazing i am .
how amazing it is . . .
how amazing it is !
what , that 's exciting . . .
how amazing it is !
that 's how amazing it is !
what 's exciting . . .
how amazing it was !
no fear , these things .
no worries , these things .
no worries , this thing .
hey , these things !
no fear worries , these things .
no fear these things . ''
guys , these things .
no worries , guys .
no fear worries me .
no worries , these things .
let 's have a nice ceremony . it 's going to be beautiful .
let 's have a nice ceremony .
let 's have a nice ceremony !
there will be an amazing ceremony .
listen , there 's a beautiful ceremony this year .
we 'll celebrate !
there will be a lovely ceremony .
and there will be a beautiful ceremony .
let 's have a nice ceremony to celebrate .
 a beautiful ceremony will be held here . . . in honor of the lord .
there were some heads and heads in the doorway .
there were some heads .
there were some heads around the door .
there was a door and a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
there were some small ornate heads .
there was a couple of heads sticking out of the door and around the corner .
there were some heads .
there was in the corner of the door a couple of heads .
there were some heads in the door and around the corner .
there was a door and a couple of heads sticking out of the door .
the printer 's calibrated !
the printer is calibrated !
the printer 's been set .
printer 's calibrated !
the printer calibrated !
the printer calibrated !
the printer calibrated . ''
the printer is calibrated !
the printer 's being calibrated !
the printers calibrated .
our families ca n't be family .
people ca n't be family !
it 's impossible to have a family !
it 's impossible not to have a family !
it 's so impossible to have a family !
it 's not possible to have a family .
it 's not possible for a man to be a family .
it 's just not possible to be a family .
it 's so impossible to have a family !
it 's not possible families .
he could . ''
maybe he can .
maybe there 's someone .
maybe there 's no one .
maybe there 's no one there .
maybe there 's someone else .
maybe there 's no one .
it can be anyone . anyone .
he can be anyone .
maybe there 's someone there .
your crutch and your staff are my consolation .
your crutch and your staff , they comfort me !
rod and staff , thank the gods !
blessed and i am comforted .
rod and staff are in my heart .
rod and staff are pleasing me .
rod and staff do n't bother me .
your crutch and i am comforted by them .
your crutch and your staff that comfort me .
rod and staff that will comfort me .
dylan wrote out of a story about lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote about lynching at the circus . ''
dylan wrote to a lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote about lynching at the circus .
dylan has written about lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote because of a lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote to the lynching at the circus . ''
dylan was writing an article about lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote something about lynching at the circus
dylan wrote only about lynching at the circus .
mr president , it 's owned privately .
sir , this is a private property .
sir , this property is owned by the government .
sir , this is property .
gentlemen , it 's private property .
sir , this property belongs only to us .
gentlemen , this is property .
sir , land is owned by the government .
mr richard , we 've got private property .
sir , it 's private property .
will you give me your towels ?
do i give you towels ?
will you get a towel 's ass ?
do you want my butt spanking towels ?
will you get your towels ?
do i get a spanking on your butt ?
do you want your hands on your butt ?
you want ? i 'll give you a towel on your butt .
will you give me the towels ?
shall we spank towels ?
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i wish to travel !
i 'd like to travel . ''
i 'd like to travel . ''
i 'd like to travel . ''
i 'd like to travel .
s rp will arrive tomorrow .
s rp will come tomorrow .
another member will tomorrow .
s rp will come in tomorrow .
a s rp member will arrive .
s rp will be present tomorrow with a former member .
s rp will be visiting an ex member of the council tomorrow .
s r . p . 's ex member will arrive tomorrow .
sr '' will come tomorrow with a former member .
tomorrow we 'll have a member of s . r . p .
guys , you 'll get 100 bucks for cleaning up .
100 bucks , you 'll get my car cleaned up !
look , you 'll give me 100 if i wash my car .
look , you 'll owe me 100 for cleaning up your car .
hey , give me 100 so i can wash my car .
look , you 'll have 100 when i clean your car .
listen , you have 100 bucks to pay me when i clean up .
look , you 'll owe me 100 if i do n't clean it up .
look , i 'll give you 100 if i have to wash my car .
you have 100 . you 'll owe me 100 .
she had only one defect capable of being perfect
he only had one defect perfect .
she only had one defect perfect .
it is only possible to have a single defect
she only had perfection
it was only possible to have one defect .
she only had one deficiency was perfection
she was simply unable to be perfect .
she had only one defect capable of being perfect .
she was able to have a single defect
each one of those doors is tight .
all two of the doors are closed .
both of these doors are tight .
one of the doors is tight .
each one of those doors will lock .
each of those doors is solid .
all of the doors lock .
all of the doors will lock .
all of the doors will be hard to lock .
one of the doors is locking .
if you 're with us , you have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
if you 're with us , you probably have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
if you 're with us , you have a great chance to find them . the best chance of getting out of town .
if you 're with us , you have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
by the time they leave town , you have to find them before we do .
if you 're with us , you have to find them before they leave town .
if you 're with us , you have a chance to find them before they leave town .
if you 're with us , you have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
have a better chance to find them before they leave town .
now that you 're with us , you have to find them before they leave town .
their cars are radioactive !
their cars are radioactive . ''
their cars are radioactive !
their cars are getting full of radioactive material .
their truck loads are radioactive !
their cars are full of radioactive material .
their cars are full of radioactive material .
their cars have been full of radioactive material .
their armored cars are radioactive .
all their cars are radioactive !
one of the main projects aimed at developing an army of non lethal weapons was working under the name mclennen forster .
project for military non killing weapons was working under the name of mclennen forster .
work on the army 's non lethal weapons was leading .
the project behind the military 's non killing weapons was calling itself mclennen forster .
the project for the non killing weapons of the military was working under the name of mclennen forster .
the project for the non killing weapons of the military was working .
the lead of the military 's non killing weapons project was the name mclennen forster .
the lead of the military 's non killing weapons project came up with the name mclennen forster .
the lead of the military 's non killing weapons project was three mclennen forster .
the project with non lethal weapons , called mclennen forster , carried out the project .
that 's equal to the condition
the condition is as
that 's a perfectly same condition
here 's the condition
here 's a same condition
that 's same
that 's the same
that 's his same condition
this condition is identical
this condition is identical exactly
the man should not .
the man should not die .
the boy should n't have died .
the boy should n't have died .
the man should n't have died .
no one should die .
the boy should n't have died .
no one should have died .
the boy should n't have died .
the boy should n't have died .
greater attention should be paid to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures , which have not been so prevalent in the past .
much greater attention should be paid to geographical indications and differences in the production process than it has been in the past .
general , as it should be noted , geographical indications and differences in production methods need to be paid much more attention .
more attention is needed to geographical indications and differences in production methods than it has been in the past .
geographical and technical differences should more closely monitor these areas than in the past , which is why it was not the case .
in greater , and geographic indications , depending on how production techniques differ than in the past , much is needed .
general , there is a need for greater attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
much more attention concerns that geographical data and differences in production methods are needed than in the past .
there is a need to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than it has ever been .
there is much need to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
oh , you 're cute .
oh , yeah , you 're cute .
oh , you cute .
you 're so cute .
oh , how cute he is .
how nice to meet you !
how cute are you ?
oh , nice that 's nice .
oh , sweet , it 's nice .
how 's it nice ?
does it hurt what he does ?
is he hurting if he does ?
what 's he gon na do ?
what 's he gon na do ?
does he hurt when he does it ?
does he do that to hurt himself ?
is he gon na hurt himself like that ?
does he get hurt ?
does he think he 's gon na hurt himself ?
does he think he 's gon na hurt himself ?
take your place my father told me .
take over my job as my father asked .
take your place as my father asked .
take care of that because my father wanted me to .
my father 's dad asked for that .
dad 's put my job on you .
take your place as my father asked .
i asked my dad to take care of you .
let me take care of you , he asked my father .
take your place i 've been asked by my father .
you ca n't talk about it .
you do n't have to talk about it .
you ca n't keep talking about it .
you 're not gon na talk about it .
you do n't speak out .
you 're not the only one making you talk .
you do n't have anything to talk about .
you can never talk about it .
you do n't have to talk about it . ''
you ca n't both talk about it .
i feel like i 'm an idiot blonde .
i do feel like i 'm an idiot blonde .
i 'm blonde . he 's thinking of me like a dumb blonde .
i think it 's because of me , stupid blonde .
i feel like i 'm making an idiot of a blonde .
i think it 's because of me that i 'm an idiot blonde .
i have the impression that i am an idiot blonde .
i 'm blonde . it seems silly to me .
i 'm blonde . it 's just a silly thing for me .
i think i 'm an idiot blonde for that . ''
oh , you have beautiful clothes .
beautiful clothes , you have them all .
beautiful clothes are you .
oh , you have beautiful clothes .
oh , you have a nice dress .
beautiful , you have a dress .
the beautiful clothes are you .
hey , you have beautiful clothes .
have a very nice dress .
oh my god , you have clothes .
maybe ten was the line .
maybe he was 10 .
ten against the whole unit fell .
maybe a 10 against the whole unit .
ten of them outnumbered the whole unit .
maybe there were 10 .
ten of them had an opponent .
maybe ten people went against the whole unit .
maybe ten against the whole regiment ?
maybe ten of them would have beaten the whole unit .
it 's her fault .
it 's her fault hydarn .
it 's a mistake hydarn made .
it 's all his faults !
it 's all my fault !
it 's hydarn 's fault '' !
it 's his fault .
it 's all !
it 's him a mistake .
it 's all my fault .
there are longevity monuments .
there are permanent monuments .
there are in the moroccan civilization a permanent monument to its achievements .
there are monuments monuments .
there are monuments .
there are monuments .
there are permanent monuments to the cultural achievements of this civilization .
there are permanent commemorative monuments .
there are long lasting commemorative monuments .
there are permanent monuments to the cultural achievements of this civilization .
and she had a strange dream .
and that was a strange dream .
and she dreamed of a strange dream .
and so she had a dream .
and then she fell into a strange dream .
and she had a strange dream .
and then she had a strange dream about it .
and her strange dream came true .
and now he 's got a strange dream .
and she had her peculiar dreams .
no one i know can keep an eye on the doorman when he 's asleep .
no one i know would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
there 's not someone who would have caught the doorman when he was asleep . ''
there 's not someone who would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
i do n't think anyone can keep an eye on the doorman , i ca n't watch him .
one day i guess the doorman ca n't be caught .
i do n't think anyone 's gon na catch the doorman while he 's asleep .
i ca n't imagine anyone catching the doorman when he 's asleep .
i do n't think anyone 's gon na catch the doorman 's nap .
i do n't think anyone can keep an eye on the doorman , that 's all .
i 'm not surprised because i know my father .
i 'm very familiar with my father , which is why we 're not surprised .
i 'm not surprised , because i know my father .
i 'm sure i 'll recognize my father , which is why we 're not surprised .
but i 'm sure it 's my father .
know my father , i guess i should n't be surprised .
i 'm a little familiar with my father .
i 'm sure i know my father , which is why he 's not surprised .
i do n't know my father , so i 'm not surprised .
i know my father . . . which is why i 'm not surprised .
we waited 20 minutes before the sun came up .
we went to the sunset after making about 20 .
we waited 20 minutes after when the sun came up .
we went to the sunset when we made about 20 .
twenty dollars waited for the sun to come out when we got there .
twenty dollars gave us a wait before the sun came up .
we went to waiting for the sun to come out when we made 20 .
we waited out of the sun to come out when we made about twenty bucks .
we waited for the sun to come out when we made 20 .
we waited about twenty minutes before the sun came up .
he do n't needs drugs !
he 's not a drug addict anymore !
he better not get any drugs !
do n't put any drugs on him !
he 's not even drugs !
do n't give him any drugs anymore !
he 's not drugs !
he 's not needed !
he 's not the drugs !
he 's not the guy 's drugs !
what must be done is to dig the hole !
what he 's gon na have to do is dig the hole !
what is needed is him digging the hole .
what 's going to happen is going to be a big hole !
what will have to be done is digging the hole .
what he 's gon na have to do is dig the hole !
what he 's gon na have to do is dig the hole !
what is needed now is the digging of the hole .
that has to be dug up by the hole .
what i 'm sure is how to dig the hole !
sometimes everything is never going according to plan .
sometimes it 's not going well .
sometimes it 's not even planning .
sometimes it 's never going .
sometimes it 's never going according to plan .
sometimes such things do n't go according to plan .
sometimes everything is n't going .
sometimes it does n't work out .
sometimes there 's nothing out there .
sometimes the planned events do n't come true .
tom howard approached tom .
tom howard approached him .
tom howard walked over .
tom howard nudged him .
tom howard approached that .
tom howard nudged tom 's shoulder .
tom howard sidestepped .
tom howard moved to him .
tom howard nudged .
tom howard approached .
so i can not .
i 'm not allowed to do this !
i 'm not allowed to do this !
i 'm not allowed to do this !
no i can !
i 'm not allowed to do this ! '
no i i ca n't !
i 'm not allowed to do this !
no , i should n't be doing this .
so i should n't be doing this !
this was n't him !
he was n't the one who made the mistake !
he made just the mistake .
he made a mistake not garber .
this was not garber !
this was not garber 's fault .
he made just the wrong mistake .
this was not a mistake .
it was n't garber !
he was n't garber !
you 're on your own .
you have a . s . assignment .
you 're on your own .
you have an assignment . one on your own .
you 'll have to do it yourself . one task .
you have an assignment yourself .
he 's got a special assignment for you .
you have a mission alone .
you have . ''
you have only one task .
in fact , our moons have been wiped out for more than half a century .
they 've been searching for us for over 50 years . destroyed our moon .
in the past half century , they have destroyed our moon .
in about 50 years , the scavenger has destroyed our moon .
in the past half of a century , they have been destroying our moon .
in the history of our moon , the scavengers have been in charge for more than 50 years .
we 've been scoundrels for more than half a century since they destroyed our moon .
we live in half a century after the scavengers destroyed the moon .
in fact , the scavenger moon has been destroyed for more than 50 years .
these are half a century old , since scavengers have destroyed our moon !
are you taking your moisturiser ?
did you have one ?
you have . . . moisturizers ?
do you have one ?
do you have any moisturisers ?
did you have moisturiser ?
you have any ointment ? no .
do you have any ?
do you have any moisturisers ?
did you have moisturiser ? ''
most injuries are caused exclusively by weightlifters .
such injuries are caused mostly by lifters .
all such injuries are caused mostly by punters .
every one of these injuries are caused mostly by a lifter .
such injuries are happening more often than weightlifting .
these injuries are caused mostly by lifters .
such injuries have been mostly caused by weightlifters .
these injuries are mostly caused .
these injuries have been mostly caused by weightlifters .
such injuries mostly suffer .
we 'll wait .
we 'll try to keep up for another few minutes .
we 'll wait a few minutes .
we 'll wait a few minutes . a few more minutes .
we 'll be holding out for another few minutes .
we 'll wait . ''
we 'll wait for another few minutes .
we 'll take a few minutes to wait .
i 'll try to keep you there for another few minutes .
we 'll try to keep up for another few minutes . ''
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything . ''
i 'm not afraid of anything ?
i 'm not afraid of anything . ''
i 'm not afraid of anything anymore .
but i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid .
and i 'm not afraid of anything .
now i 'm not afraid of anything .
and you talk like it 's a god !
you speak as if you were talking about a god .
and you say it sounds like god .
and it sounds like you 're talking about a god .
you sound like a god to me .
you mean , like he was a god ?
and you say it 's like god .
and you say it like it 's a god .
you speak as if you were talking about a god .
and tell him like he 's a god !
for me he 's the only one who 's not over six months old .
according to me , he looks like he 's not even six months old .
it seems like her age does n't seem to be six months old .
from my point of view , it seems that he 's not even six months old .
for me , she does n't seem to have been here for six months .
according to me , he 's over six months old .
in fact , it seems he 's not even six months old .
in the end , it seems that he 's not even six months old .
it seems as though he 's not even six months old .
in fact , it seems her age at least six months .
what changes this book will have in your life .
how the book changes your life has no idea .
how to change your life depends on your imagination .
how he changes your life in this book .
how he 's gon na change your life has no idea about him .
how he 's gon na change your life is beyond his imagination .
how it 's going to change your life
how this book changes your life . . .
how does your life change when you read this book ?
that can change in your life .
would you like eagles ?
do i have mrs eagles ?
do i have mr eagles ?
would you like mr eagles ?
do you want mr eagles talk ?
would you like eagles ?
would you like mr eagles ?
shall i have a word ?
do i have an appointment with eagles ?
would you like some words with mr eagles ?
no one 's eating four marshmallows , stu .
no one eats more than four .
no one eats four marshmallows , stu , no one .
no one 's a marshmallow , stu .
no one eats four marshmallows , stu .
that 's four marshmallows , mr . stu .
no one eats four marshmallows , stu .
that 's four marshmallows , mr . stu .
no one eats four .
no one eats a marshmallow !
that 's how you learn to ride a bike !
that 's what you 'd learn on a bike
that 's a way to learn on a bike !
here 's what you 'd learn on a bike .
you 'd be able to learn on a bike like this !
you 'd have learned how to ride a bike like this !
that 's what you 'd learn on a bike . ''
that 's what i 'd like to learn on my bike .
that 's how you learn to ride a bike ! ''
that 's what you 'd learn on your bike .
regrettable to lose him to these unscrupulous fools .
regrettable to lose him to these unscrupulous fools .
so pitiful to waste him on such insolent fools .
regrettable to lose him to these unscrupulous fools .
regrettable to be wasting this on these unscrupulous idiots .
regrettable to lose him to these unscrupulous fools .
regrettable to waste him on these unscrupulous bastards '' !
bad that we 're wasting this on these unscrupulous bastards .
sorry we 're wasting this on these unscrupulous bastards .
shameful for wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
did you see him ?
did you see him ? !
did you see i ?
have you seen him ?
did you see her '' ?
did you see one ?
did you not see him ?
did you see him today ?
did you see jimmy 's house ?
did you see anything ?
he 's not afraid of her , is he , doctor ?
he does n't really scare them , does he , doctor ?
he 's really scared of her , is n't he , doctor ?
he does n't scare them much , does he ?
he does n't scare them much , does he ?
he 's not a little scared , is he , doctor ?
he does n't scare them much , does he ?
he 's not a little scared of her , is he , doctor ?
he does n't scare them much , right , doctor ?
he 's pretty scared of her , you know ?
he does n't need rest and without cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest and ca n't be cuddled , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest and no cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need to rest or cuddle , which is different from a couple of european horses .
he needs rest and does n't have to be cuddled , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest , and he does not need cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't needs . . . rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he simply needs rest and not cuddling , which is different from the rest of europe .
he does n't need rest and he does not need cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest , nor he does cuddle , which is different from the rest of europe .
the rocket is made .
his own rocket is .
the rocket maker is .
his missile rockets are .
his rocket is built .
he 's made ' missile !
this has developed missile .
the rocket is made .
the rocket is building .
his rocket one made .
we only checked what the space was available .
what was important was to find out if there were enough rooms .
i only checked what if there was enough room .
which is why we wanted to find out if there was enough room .
which is why we wanted to find out if there was enough space left .
we wanted to make sure we were taking care of the amount of space .
we wanted to make sure we were sure we had enough space .
what was important is that we found out if there were enough rooms .
so we figured we 'd make sure we had enough space .
we only know what if there 's enough room .
bondi says the fbi is being watched '
bondi says the fbi was looking for him
bondi is ' fbi surveillance 'as they were
bondi is how the fbi was looking at it
the fbi says they 've been following bondi
the fbi was looking for bondi
bondi has been watched by the fbl
those are the people who watch the fbl 'bondi .
the fbi was looking for bondi
bondi is for the fbi to keep an eye out
we should forget . ''
we should forget !
we should be forgotten about how ordinary things are done .
we should be forgotten how to carry out a normal job . ''
we should be able to forget what a normal job is . ''
let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
we should be able to forget what a normal job is .
we should forget about how ordinary things are done . ''
we should forget about how ordinary things are done .
let 's forget about how ordinary things are done .
does anyone have bandolier ?
does anyone have that ?
has anyone seen ?
does anyone have any bandoliers ?
did anyone have bandolier ?
did anyone get bandolier ?
has anyone ever been ?
does anyone have ?
does anyone already have ?
does anyone have bandoliers ?
are n't you staying if you stay here overnight ?
are n't you saying you wo n't stay overnight ?
do n't you mean if you stay here overnight ?
do n't you think you 'll stay overnight ?
does n't it mean that you wo n't stay overnight ?
is n't that a sign you wo n't stay overnight ?
do n't you think you 'll stay overnight ?
does n't mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
does n't he want to stay overnight ?
is n't that why you wo n't stay overnight ?
what 's all this ?
what proximity is closest ?
what 's those places ?
what 's there ?
what 's it ?
what 's it ?
what 's such a proximity ?
what 's all this surrounding ?
what 's that nearby ?
what 's that close ?
when 's your mom ?
when 's mama . com ?
will my mom come ?
when 's your mom ?
when 's mommy back ?
when 's mom 's back ?
when 's mom coming ?
when is your mommy ?
when will my mom come ?
when does mommy ?
but the wine is european red blood !
but europe has the same color .
but the wine is a european one .
but the wine is from europe , the colors of blood .
but the wine is european blood !
but the wine is european blood !
but that 's european wine !
but that 's european wine blood !
but the wine is from europe , the color of the blood .
but it 's european wine !
the mayor assumes that citizens will take responsibility for the failure of this measure .
the mayor will be responsible if citizens fail to implement this measure .
the mayor assumes that citizens will take responsibility for the failure of this measure . ''
the mayor will be responsible for the city 's failure to implement this measure .
the mayor will be responsible for the city 's failure to implement this measure .
the mayor wo n't assume responsibility if he does n't implement this policy .
the mayor will be responsible for the city 's failure to implement this measure . ''
the mayor is will be asked to assume responsibility for the failure of this measure .
the mayor assumes responsibility for the failure of this measure .
the mayor will in the event of a failure of such a policy will demand the responsibility of citizens .
welcome to the biggest dream .
welcome to making great fantasies .
welcome on the biggest imagination ! '
welcome on the biggest imagination ! '
welcome out of great imagination !
welcome on the biggest dream .
welcome home of us !
welcome in the world of great imagination !
welcome to the biggest dream .
welcome from making great fantasies !
the european commission shall act in advance of the start of the marketing fraud
european commission shall be taken into account in the event of a marketing fraud
the european commission is working in advance of the start of the marketing fraud
european central bank prevents fraud in the marketing process and takes measures to protect businesses
european commission takes action in the event of a marketing fraud
the european commission shall be taken into account in the event of a marketing fraud
the following action will be taken by the european commission in the event of a marketing fraud
european commission '' takes action in the event of a marketing fraud
european commission acts before the start of the marketing fraud
the european commission acts before the start of the marketing fraud
are n't you guys dressed yet ?
are n't you guys dressed yet ?
are n't you dressed yet ?
are n't you dressed ?
are n't you guys dressed yet ?
are n't you dressed ?
have n't changed your clothes ?
are n't you dress ?
are n't you dressing up ?
are n't you guys ready ?
help and i will forgive myself for my error .
mine and i will be rectified by my mistake .
all right and i 'll make my own mistakes .
mine and i will go back to my mistakes .
give it to me and i 'll deal with the error
hand and i 'm going to fix my error .
hand it over to me and i 'll fix the mistake '' i repeat .
my mistake and i 'm going to fix it .
take him and clean up my mistake
give me and i 'm going to fix my mistake !
i guess the vodka and the whiskey . . . i was n't really doing it . .:
i wanted to mix vodka with whiskey . . . never again . .um
i wanted to mix the vodka with the whiskey , but i never did it properly .
the way i mixed the vodka up . . . with the whiskey in the whiskey .: . . i should n't have done it .
i had no idea , even if i mixed vodka with whiskey .
i did n't think it would be good to mix vodka with whiskey
it 's not a good idea to mix vodka with whiskey
i was supposed to mix vodka with whiskey , it never was a good idea .
i 'm not supposed to mix vodka with whiskey , i did n't do it .
i 'm not supposed to mix vodka with whiskey , did n't i ?
furthermore , there have been further proposals for simplification .
furthermore , there are other proposals aimed at simplifying this area .
furthermore , there are some proposals .
furthermore , there has been a proposal for further simplification .
furthermore , there are other proposals to simplify this area .
furthermore , there are other proposals for simplification in the pipeline .
furthermore , there were further proposals aimed at simplifying the situation .
furthermore , there is a further proposal aimed at simplifying the situation .
furthermore , there were other proposals to simplify the situation .
furthermore , there was a proposal for further simplification .
are there any neebles ?
are all the neebles ?
are those neebles ?
all the neebles ?
do any neebles exist ?
any neebles at all ?
all the neebles ?
are those called neebles ?
are some neebley ?
are those neebles too ?
i have a three different situation . . .
i make three different situations in that context . . .
i make three different situations . . .
i have a distinction . . .
i have a distinction . . .
i give you three situations in that context . . .
there are three situations in that context . . .
i define three situations here . . .
i 'm distinguishing three situations in this context . . .
i make three different situations in that context .
how can an acceleration allowed for grid infrastructure be addressed ?
how has grid infrastructure allowed to be accelerated ?
how should accelerated registration be carried out for grid infrastructure ?
how did the grid infrastructure permit process evolve ?
how has the procedure accelerated for the approval of grid infrastructure ?
how can an accelerated procedure apply ?
how does an accelerated procedure apply ? ''
how did procedures accelerate ?
how accelerated the procedure for granting access to grid infrastructure ?
how does an accelerated application process apply ?
i do n't think hiring someone to do your dirty work does n't give you a choice .
i mean , you want someone to do your dirty work , even if you 're looking for someone else .
i do n't think it 's appropriate if you want someone to do your dirty work , do it !
i do n't think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , let 's get rid of this loser .
i do n't think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , then you should n't be looking for a loser .
i think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , then you wo n't be able to find him .
i mean , you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work for you , but this loser wo n't help you .
i mean , if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty job , do n't waste your time .
i do n't think if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , someone else does .
i think if you 're looking for someone else to do your dirty work , i guess you do n't have a choice .
the cause of his madness was him because he wanted to feed the thirst of a thirsty brain , which he craved for self respect and alcohol .
the cause of his madness was him to feed the thirst of his brain , which he craved for self esteem and alcohol .
for that reason , it 's that he wants to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
as a result , he decided that he would feed his thirst for a thirsty desire for self respect and alcohol .
for this reason he said he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
for that reason he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain , which he craved for self respect and alcohol .
a great desire for alcohol and self esteem impressed him as he wanted to feed his thirst for a thirsty thirst .
only this time is why he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain , which is thirsty for self respect and alcohol .
according to him , it 's because he wanted to feed the thirst for a thirsty brain in excess of self respect and alcohol .
the cause of his madness gave rise to a thirst for a thirsty desire for self respect and alcohol .
then do n't waste your time .
then do n't let us waste our time !
now do n't waste .
don't waste your time .
don't let us waste our time !
not give us a minute .
now do n't waste your time .
let 's not waste our time !
now we 're not wasting our time .
now we 're not wasting .
a few majestic trees were silhouetted against the backdrop of the grasslands , where the birds were singing wildly white .
on the lawn of the grasslands stood several majestic trees .
there were a few majestic trees .
there were majestic trees .
there were some majestic trees .
there were majestic trees in the grasslands , where the birds were singing wildly white .
several large and majestic trees were silhouetted by white winged birds .
the tall trees were silhouetted by a couple of large white birds .
the tall trees were silhouetted in the grasslands by a wild flock of white birds .
from pastures there were grasslands and wild white birds .
your heart is broken .
your heart 's going crazy .
your heart is broken .
your heart sank .
your heart aches .
your heart 's completely broken .
your heartbroken .
your heart 's bursting .
your heart 's broken .
your heart is desperate desperate .
according to buddhism , he is believed to be reincarnated by his soul on 49th day .
in buddhism , he believes the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
according to buddhism , he resurrected the human soul 49th day .
in the buddhism , it is believed reincarnated in the spirit of 49th day .
according to buddhism , the spirit of the 49th day is reborn .
according to buddhism , it is a 49th day of reincarnation of the soul .
in buddhism , it is a belief that the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
according to buddhism , life is reincarnated on 49th day of reincarnation .
in buddhism , he claims to be reincarnated by his soul on 49th day .
in buddhism , he believed . . . the spirit of the 49th day was reincarnated .
speed and anonymity have advantages .
speed and anonymity are on the cards .
the speed and anonymity are on the cards .
speed and anonymity , make these bills !
speeds and anonymity have the advantages of an electronic form of payment .
speeds and anonymity are on the cards .
the speed and the anonymity have nothing to do .
speed and anonymity benefits can be a form of payment in electronic form .
the speed and anonymity are gone !
the speed and anonymity are welcome .
she waited for what his husband found in the bathroom .
they found her behind when they took her to the bathroom .
she ran off to the bathroom where her husband found her .
it happened to her that her husband had found her behind the toilet .
she was in the bathroom with her husband when they found her .
she was behind the toilet when her husband found her .
they were behind the toilet when they found her .
she was in the bathroom when her husband found her .
they found her up behind the toilet when they took her away .
they found her out of the toilet where her husband was standing .
look , i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
look , i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
look , i 'll take a look at the hotel in the morning
look , i 'll check the hotel in the morning .
look , i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow . . .
look . . . let 's go check out the hotel tomorrow .
look , i 'll probably check the hotel in the morning .
hey , the hotel 's gon na be worth a look tomorrow .
look , i 'm on my way to the hotel in the morning .
look , there 's one hotel i 'll visit in the morning .
there 's so many weird things !
there 's something weird going on ! . . .
there 's something weird going on !
there 's been weird stuff going on !
there 's something weird going on !
there 's some strange things !
there 's weird stuff going on !
there 's some strange .
there 's something weird going on , man .
there 's some really weird stuff going on .
does he want to borrow a razor ?
does he want you to lend him a razor ?
does he want you to lend him a razor ?
does he want you to lend him a razor ?
does he want so many borrows ?
does he lend her a razor ?
does he lend scissors ?
does he agree to borrow a razor ?
does he want a loan for a razor ?
does he lend his knives ?
if she preferred the grave , i can see why we would n't be able to marry her for a nobleman .
if she preferred the grave , i would find no point in trying to marry her for a nobleman .
if i were her , i would have thought there was no point in marrying her for a nobleman .
if she preferred to be buried , i would have had no reason to marry her instead of a nobleman .
if i were her , she would prefer a tomb , which would be no reason for her to be married to a nobleman .
if i were her , i would have thought there was no point in trying to marry her for a nobleman .
if she preferred to be buried , i can see no reason why we should marry her instead of a nobleman .
if i were her , i would have thought there was no point in marrying her for a nobleman .
if she preferred to be buried , i can give her no reason to be married to a nobleman .
if she preferred the grave , i can see no further reason for her to be married to a nobleman .
it 's not possible for me to get married to william whele !
it 's not possible for me to get married to william .
it 's not possible to marry william .
it 's just not possible to marry william whele !
it 's not possible to marry william whele !
it 's not possible to marry william whele !
it 's not possible to marry william whele !
it 's not so possible to marry william whele !
it 's not possible . it 'll be impossible to marry william whele .
it 's impossible not to get married to william .
position forward , troops !
firing positions , now .
set up , come on !
firing positions , right there .
firing position , hang on .
firing positions , people .
firing , troops here .
weapons , move .
firing positions .
weapons , go ahead !
no one hide him !
no one hides no one to feed him .
no , no one is hiding him .
no one can hide it , no one will feed it .
 no one hides him . no one feeds him .
no one he hides him no one feeds him .
no one hidden him .
no one . no one will hide him .
no one hidden him no one fed him .
will be hidden no one will feed him .
no . . . that 's toy !
the others . . . they 're toys .
all . . . the rest they 're just toys . .
everything . . . it 's just a toy !
it 's . . . just the whole thing , it 're just toys .
all else , they 're all toys .
you . . . it 's all just toys .
the rest . . . the toy !
everything . . . that 's just a toy !
it 's just . . . the toy !
no one told him ?
no one called roger ?
no one told this .
no one told the roger ?
did no one ever tell roger ?
no one 's been told about roger .
no one 's ever talked about roger ?
no one ever told the roger ?
no one told about roger .
no one 's told roger about it .
a classic kind of friend like me wants me .
according to her wishes , he 's a classic friend type .
my classic friend is the one he wants me to be .
the classic friend wants me to be like her .
the best friend says i should be .
my classic friend thinks i 'm supposed to be .
she '' is the classic kind of friend who would want me to be .
the classic friend wants me in my life .
a friend of the classic type wants me .
my way , she wants me to be an ordinary friend .
they steal our little car .
they 've stolen a little bit of our car .
they probably steal our fucking car .
they stole our cars .
well , they stole our car .
they stole our last car ride .
they probably stole our car .
they 've fucking stolen our car !
they probably stole our little car .
they 've robbed us a little bit .
we 'll go to the next elevator . yeah .
we 'll use another elevator . ''
we 'll go .
we 'll go to the next elevator .
we 'll use another elevator . ''
we 'll go to the next elevator . yeah .
we 're going to the next elevator . we have to use another elevator .
we 'll use another elevator .
then we can .
we 'll go to the next elevator .
he does n't talk .
he does n't talk .
he 's not talking .
they do n't talk .
he does n't have to talk .
he 's not talking .
he 's not gon na talk .
he 's not talking .
he 's not being talked about .
he does n't talk to you .
there 's a mistake to .
a mistake in there sure !
this belonged to a mistake .
yes , in the most likely error .
of a mistake in there .
because all of a sudden there 's a mistake .
a mistake in it .
a mistake in there .
a mistake in there .
a mistake to the right there was .
the reward is therefore low and slow for a career progression and higher for an average career .
as a result , while the average salary for a slow and quick career is comparable , that does not pay equal .
therefore , the reward is not equally comparable to the reward for a slow and quick career or for an average career .
therefore , the reward does not correspond to the average reward for a slow and quick career or to the reward for an average career .
this is not equivalent to an average reward for a slow and quick career , and that reward for an average career is not comparable .
therefore , the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
therefore , the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable .
as a result of this , an average salary for a slow and quick career does not match the reward for an average career .
therefore , there are still no comparable average salaries for a slow and quick career or for an average career .
therefore , this is not equivalent to an average reward for a slow and quick career or an average wage for a long term career .
but the anger again erupted into him like a bubble
but he still flared the same anger bubble . . .
but there was anger in him like a bubble bursting . . .
but he raged again . . .
and yet there was anger in him like a bubble bursting .
but again he has begun to rage like a bubble bursting .
but again there was only as much anger as a bubble burst
but he shook his anger at the same time and snapped it like a bubble . . .
and yet the anger flared like a bubble bursting .
but again there seemed to be anger in him like a bubble bursting .
in this particular motel , he must be in a lot of trouble to avoid the cockroach .
in a similar motel , it must have been avoided by a careful cockroach .
in a motel like this , an anxious cockroach must be avoided .
in this motel , careful one must be avoiding the cockroach .
in this motel , such meticulous one must be avoided .
in a similar motel , unscrupulous cockroaches must be wary of each other .
in such a motel , an anxious cockroach must be avoided .
in this motel , careful one must be avoiding the cockroach .
in a motel like this , a careful cockroach would be avoided .
in a similar motel , he must avoid an unscrupulous cockroach .
are you really willing to hold an unexpected wedding ?
seriously , do you want to hold an unexpected wedding ?
to make a big wedding ?
are you really gon na have an unexpected wedding ?
are you really gon na have an unexpected wedding ?
are you willing to make an unexpected wedding ?
are you really gon na have an unexpected wedding ?
you 're kidding me . are you serious ?
you 're planning an unexpected wedding right now ?
seriously are we going to have an unexpected wedding ?
if humanity does n't have a future , it 's dying him .
if humanity does n't have a future , it 's not going to die .
if humanity does n't have a future , it wo n't survive .
if humanity does n't have a future , it 's not going to die .
if humanity does n't have a future , it does not say it will die .
if humanity does n't have a future , it dies .
if humanity does n't have a future , it dies .
if humanity does n't have a future , it 's gon na die .
if humanity does n't have a future , it kills him .
he writes that if humanity does n't have a future , he dies .
the contract and dola girosa will be addressed in your own interest .
contract and dola girosa will be dealt with on your own .
the contract and dola gios should be dealt with immediately .
the contract and dola girosa will be your job to handle .
contract and dola giros are working .
contract and dola girosa will take care of it .
contract and dola girosa will take care of it .
your contract and dola gios will be subject to your care .
a contract and dola girosa will be assigned to you in this matter .
contract and dola girosa will be assigned to you in this matter .
that 's not very funny .
that 's not funny at all .
that 's not very funny .
that 's really funny .
that 's not funny .
that 's funny not .
that 's really not funny .
all this is so funny !
that 's really funny . ''
it 's all so funny .
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , her sister was already done with her .
just because her beautiful skin did n't suit her , she threw her out .
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , threw the nurse away .
because she did n't have a nice coat anymore , she threw away .
her sister was in a bad place right now .
her sister threw away with her because she did n't have a nice coat .
in her case , more beautiful was already in her coat .
her sister was very unhappy with her coat .
from her poor skin , she finally opted for a short coat .
for a long time she did n't have a nice coat , she 's not home .
does it feel hard ?
does it feel hard ?
does n't look tough ?
is it hard ?
does it feel any harder ?
do you mind ?
does it hurt ?
does it feel hard ?
is it getting tough ?
is it hard , or is n't it ?
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like .
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like .
i do n't know what devil 's appetite tastes like .
i wonder what the devil tastes like !
i wonder what the devil tastes like !
i wonder what the devil tastes like !
i wonder what the devil tastes like . ''
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like .
i feel like the devil is tasting something !
i wonder what devil 's appetite tastes like .
this is committing a crime , right ?
this is a crime , no doubt .
this is a crime , right ?
this is punishable by death , right ?
it 's a crime , do you ?
this is a crime , no doubt .
this is a crime , all right ?
this is a crime , right ?
this is a crime , right ?
this is criminal , right ?
his moustache almost looked greasy .
his moustache almost drooped .
his moustache almost seemed to be drooping .
his moustache almost drooped
his moustache was drooping .
his moustache was gone .
his moustache was more .
his moustache was nearly drooped .
his moustache had shrunk almost .
his moustache was almost droopy .
i 'll just take off my seatbelt .
i 'm just gon na pull the trigger on my butt .
i 'll just get my butt out of here !
just take my butt off .
i 'll just take my butt off .
i 'll just take my butt off .
now take my butt off .
now i 'm on my way out of my butt .
now i 'm just gon na pull the trigger on my butt .
i just should have gotten my butt out of here !
how wonderful is that ?
how 's he beautiful ?
how beautiful he is . . .
she 's . . . beautiful .
she 's beautiful . . .
she 's most beautiful .
how is that great ?
she 's beautiful !
how is he beautiful ?
oh , beautiful that 's him .
as a result of these improvements , we expect to be freed from uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
in the light of these improvements , we expect in particular that there will be no doubt about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in the light of these improvements , we expect in particular that there will be no doubt about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in addition , we expect in particular that there will be no ambiguity about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
therefore , as a result of these improvements , we are beginning to expect that there will be no doubt about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
as a result , we expect in particular that there will be no ambiguity about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
as a result of these improvements , we expect greater uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
as a result , we expect to be freed from uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in addition , we expect that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
in addition , we expect to be freed from uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
this workstation can not be moved .
this workstation can not be able to pass documents .
this workstation can not be forwarded to the documents .
the document transfer device can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document folder can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document folder can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document transfer window can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document folder can not be moved to this workspace .
this workstation can not be moved forward .
the worker 's work can not be forwarded to this workspace .
i did n't abused !
[sep> i did n't abuse myself .
i did n't get abused !
i did n't abuse myself . ''
i did n't get abused !
he was n't abused !
i did n't molest .
i did n't get abused !
i did n't get abused !
i did n't get abused ! ''
in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest for neglecting the dog .
in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest you 'cause you do n't vaccinate your dog .
in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest you for not being vaccinated .
wo n't stop beating your dog in west hollywood .
in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest you because you do n't cut your dog .
not beaten up by a dog in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest you .
in west hollywood , they 'll probably arrest you for neglecting your dog .
in west hollywood , they 'll probably arrest you if you do n't cut your dog .
in west hollywood , someone ca n't arrest you for not cutting the dog .
wo n't cut your dog in west hollywood , they ca n't arrest you .
the asian visas are marked .
the asian visas flagged .
they are marked .
they have flagged asian visas .
they have flagged asian visas !
the asian visas are marked .
the asians are flagged .
the asian visas are marked .
all the visas are marked .
they have flagged asia 's visa .
somewhere in the corner of his eye , he noticed the monster had poked his eye out .
then the monster looked around for a moment .
once in a while , he turned to look at them from the corner .
once in a while , he poked a monster 's eye in the corner , where he could see them .
once in a while the monster poked a hole in the corner of his eye to look at them .
once in a while , he made him a hole in the corner to look at them .
as well as a monster in a corner he squinted at them .
for a long time , he looked around the corner of one eye to keep an eye out .
then he poked a hole in the corner of his eye to keep an eye on them .
then the monster peered into the corner of his eye for a moment .
did you know he was dead ?
did you know he was dead ?
were you aware he was dead ?
did you even know you were dead ?
did you die ?
did you know ? ''
did you know he was dead ?
did you know he was dead ?
did you know who killed you ?
did you know die ?
are n't you planning on staying long ?
you do n't plan . ''
are n't you planning on staying long ?
do n't you plan a long stay with us ?
does n't anyone have a long stay ?
you plan not to stay much longer .
does n't anyone plan to stay long ?
never plan on staying long ?
is n't anyone expecting you ?
you do n't plan ?
is he developing technical ?
is he developing techniques ?
is he developing technology ?
is he developing any technology ?
is he being developed ?
is the whole technology developing him ?
is he developing them ?
has he been developed ?
does he develop such technologies ?
does he have a developed technique ?
he locked us up !
we 're trapped .
we 're locked up .
we 're trapped here . he locked us up .
we 're trapped . ''
we 've been locked up .
he locked us up !
we were locked up .
we locked up !
they lock us up .
the colony reacted quickly and sensibly .
the colony response was swift and proportionate .
the colony reacted quickly and sensibly .
the colony reacted quickly and sensibly .
the colony responded quickly , reasonable .
the colony is quick and wise to respond .
the colony reacted quickly , sensible .
the colony is swift and wise .
the imperial response was swift .
the response from the colony was swift and proportionate .
there are powerful healing forces that emanate from the love of healing .
there 's some powerful healing powers .
there 's an amazing healing power .
there 's powerful healing power in the form of love .
there 's a powerful energy to the healing power of love .
there are powerful healing forces .
there 's an enormous healing power .
there 's so much healing power .
there 's a powerful energy for healing that comes out of love .
there are some powerful healers .
there 's not enough vampire to kill .
the original vampire ca n't kill anything !
the original vampire ca n't be killed .
the original vampire ca n't kill .
the original ca n't kill anyone .
the original vampire does n't kill anything !
the original vampire is n't killing anything .
it 's not a good thing to kill a vampire .
the original would n't have killed anything .
the original vampire ca n't afford to kill himself .
before pregnancy you should be able to use more suitable alternative treatments .
before pregnancy , you should be advised to choose an appropriate alternative treatment .
before pregnancy , you should consider switching to more suitable treatment options .
before pregnancy , it is appropriate to switch to suitable alternative treatments .
before pregnancy you should choose an appropriate alternative .
before starting your pregnancy , you should be able to use an appropriate alternative medicine .
to the plan , it is appropriate to switch to suitable alternative treatments .
before the planned pregnancy , it should be replaced with suitable complementary medicines .
you should have changed your pregnancy before any suitable treatment is used .
before planned pregnancy you need to choose an appropriate alternative treatment .
the river you were talking about was jumping into , and she wanted to die .
the river you were talking about , she jumped into her . . . and she was dead !
you said the river you were talking about jumped in and she died in it !
you said the river you were talking about jumped in and was killed .
randi said the river you were talking about , and she must have fallen .
your daughter was jumping into that river and she must have died .
you said it was a river you were talking about , and she was drowning .
you said the river you were talking about jumped in and wanted to die .
the river you were talking about was jumping into him and killing him .
she jumped and died !
a few shots seem to have broken his fingers .
a multiple blow seems to have broken his fingers .
he seems to have been hit by several shots . his fingers are broken .
the wound seems to have broken several fingers .
several shots seem to have broken his fingers .
he seems to have broken his fingers several times .
a few shots seem to have broken his fingers .
all the wounds seem to have broken his fingers .
a few shots seem to have broken his fingers .
a few shots seem to have broken his fingers .
so are you planning to stop buying other companies ?
so you plan to stop buying other companies ?
so you do n't plan to sell the remaining companies ?
so , do you think you 'll stop buying the remaining companies ?
so then you 're getting rid of the purchase of the remaining companies ?
so , are you planning to stop buying other companies ?
so , do you plan to sell the remaining companies ?
so you 're getting rid of the purchase of the remaining companies ?
so you 're planning a breakup with the purchase of the remaining companies ? ''
so you plan to stop buying other companies ?
