i dreamed only of you last night .
i dreamed of you last night .
i dreamed of you last night .
i had you in my dream last night .
i dreamed of you last night .
i dreamed only of you last night .
i was in my dream for you yesterday .
i had you in my dream last night .
i had this dream for you last night .
i had something in my dream last night .
we do n't have time share .
he does n't have time share .
we do n't have time share .
we do n't have in time share .
he does n't have time share .
he does n't live in time share .
you wo n't find any time share .
i do n't have a time share .
we do n't even have time share .
i do n't have time share .
the white knows you 're not a white man , and that 's why you laugh .
and your whites know about it , so he 's laughing .
i 'm sure the white people know you 're not white , which is why they laugh at me .
i 'm sure the white people know you 're not a white man and that 's why they laugh at me .
i 'm sure white people know you 're not white , which is why you laugh .
they know you 're not white , and so you laugh it off .
the white people know you 're not a white man , and why they laugh about it .
white he knows you 're not a white man , and that 's why he 's laughing .
i 'm sure the white people know you 're not a lesbian , which is why they laugh .
the white he knows you 're not a white man , and that 's why he 's laughing .
cigarettes are illegal .
they ban all alcohol .
the cigarettes are illegal .
are you banish alcohol and cigarettes ?
is there a ban on alcohol and cigarettes ?
they ban all cigarettes .
do you have alcohol or cigarettes banned ?
no alcohol or cigarette is banned .
we have a ban on alcohol and cigarettes .
drinks and cigarettes are n't allowed .
did he get a cab ?
did he get him a cab ?
how did you get a cab ?
did he get his cab ?
did you get a cab ?
did he get a cab ?
do you have a cab ?
does he have a cab ?
do you have a cab ?
did the cab get him ?
there was a huge black dog in the corner beside him .
he was beside a large black wolf dog .
there was a large black dog lying next to him .
there was a large , black , wolf like dog beside him .
he was sitting beside a large , black , wolf like dog .
a large dog lay beside him .
there was crouching a large , black , wolf like dog .
he was cowering beside a large black wolf .
there was a dog in the corner , a large black wolf .
there was a huge black wolf dog next to him .
i do n't know where they might hide it underground .
i do n't even know where they might hide it underground .
i really do n't understand where they might hide it underground .
i just do n't understand where they might hide it underground .
i do n't understand where they might hide it underground .
i ca n't imagine where he might hide it underground .
i 'm really hard to imagine where he might hide it underground .
i do n't want to know where they might hide it underground .
i just ca n't imagine where he might hide it underground .
i ca n't even imagine where he might hide it underground .
have we found anything to charge the boy with ?
have we found something to blame for the boy ?
have we found anything accusing of the boy ?
did you find any evidence ?
we 've found something to blame for the boy ?
did we find any evidence ?
did we find a cause for the boy 's indictment ?
so we found something to blame for the boy ?
we could have found something to blame for the boy ?
would we have found something to blame for the boy ?
do you happen to know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know of anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone with a desire to hurt your husband ?
do you know about anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
you know anyone trying to hurt your husband .
the only way nixon fell was when he broke into the hotel room .
that 's how nixon went down when he broke into the hotel room .
nixon just broke what he was doing in the hotel room .
nixon only fell when he broke into the hotel room .
so much nixon collapsed because he broke into the hotel room .
the only way i got nixon was when he broke into the hotel room .
the way nixon fell is when he broke into the hotel room .
the way nixon fell was when he broke into the hotel room .
nixon fell only when he broke into the hotel room .
the way it went for nixon then that he broke into the hotel room .
have a first studio !
you had a first studio !
you have a studio .
you 're in the studio for the first time .
you have your studio !
you had a studio .
you were in the studio for the first time .
you have a studio for the first time .
you have your first studio !
you belong to the first studio !
do you know what thomas did with his big hat ?
do you want me to tell you how thomas got his big hat ?
do you know how thomas got his big hat ?
do you remember the way thomas had his big hat ?
do you know why thomas had such a big hat ?
do you want to know how thomas got his big hat ?
how did he give thomas such a big hat ?
do you tell me how thomas got his big hat ?
do you have any idea about how thomas got his big hat ?
you have to wonder what thomas did with his big hat .
let 's get a helicopter .
let 's get a helicopter .
let 's just get a helicopter .
a helicopter should come .
we 're going to get a helicopter .
so let 's get a helicopter .
so let 's get a helicopter .
so let 's get a helicopter .
let 's get a helicopter up .
let 's get a helicopter . . .
you 're not dressing ?
so you 're not gon na dress ?
you 're not in your clothes ?
you 're not dress .
you 're not dressing for that ?
i 'm not gon na dress ?
you 're not dressed ?
you 're not dressing ?
you do n't have any clothes ?
you 're not taking your clothes ?
they do n't give a loan to poor black men in west adams .
they do n't give loans to poor black men from west adams .
they do n't let banks make loans to poor black people in west adams .
strangeness banks do n't want to lend money to poor black men in west adams .
the banks do n't provide loans to poor black men from west adams .
the bank does n't provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
the banks do n't provide loans to poor black men in west adams .
banks do n't make loans for poor black men in west adams .
the strangest things do n't offer loans to poor black men from west adams .
the banks do n't want to lend money to poor black people in west adams .
the deadline for the submission of applications for applications may be 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the deadline for the submission of applications shall be 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the deadline for the submission of applications shall be on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the deadlines for the submission of applications should be midnight on 22 may 2013 .
the deadline for the submission of applications is midnight on 22 may 2013 .
the application deadline should be midnight on 22 may 2013 .
the application should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
the deadline for the submission of applications is on 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the applications should be lodged within 24 00 on 22 may 2013 .
the late deadline should be submitted by 22 may 2013 at midnight .
the sight of the calf in front of some butchers may be frightening .
the look on the calf 's eyes is scary for some butchers .
the look on the calf 's eyes is really scary for some butchers .
the sight of the calf looks scary for some butchers .
the sight of the calf in front of some butchers can scare the hell out of him .
the look on the calf 's eyes is a little scary for some butchers .
it is frightening that the eyes of the calf look at the butchers .
it is difficult to watch the eyes of the calf when they look at the butchers .
for certain butchers , it is difficult to watch the eyes of the calf .
the sight of the calf in front of the butchers may be frightening .
he was left alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
he has been living alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
i 've spent the last five years alone and out of civilization .
the queen was left alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
when he was alone and out of civilization for five years .
he had lived alone and out of civilization for the last five years .
he had lived alone for five years without civilization .
when he was alone and out of civilization . . . (. . . the queen gave him five years of freedom .
to queen , so all alone lost her way to civilization . mr . queen . . .
when he was alone and out of civilization , mr . queen spent five years in such a place .
the wedding of mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse will be held in january .
in january , mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse will be getting married .
the wedding of mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse will be in january .
the wedding of mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse will take place in january .
the wedding will be held between mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse in january .
i 'll see you in january at mrs honeychurch 's wedding .
the wedding will be held between mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse in january .
in the january , mr . honeychurch will also be married to mr vyse .
in january , mrs honeychurch will be married to mr vyse .
mrs honeychurch and mrs vyse will be getting married in january .
the explosion at the apartment may have a connection to today 's shooting .
the explosion at the apartment building may have been linked to today 's shooting .
the explosion at the scene of today 's shooting may be related .
the explosion , and today 's shooting at the apartment may have been linked .
the bomb 's explosion and today 's shootout are related to this .
police have a theory that the explosion may have something to do with today 's shooting at the apartments .
according to police , today 's explosion may have something to do with the shooting at the apartment .
the explosion and shooting at the apartment may have a connection .
we suspect there may have been a connection between the explosion and today 's shooting at the apartments .
a possible connection between the explosion and today 's shootout may be the cause of the explosion .
roughly at 5 10 he was tall in a well tailored suit , which only hid slightly rounded shoulders .
he roughly 5 10 in height , but his well tailored shirt did n't cover the slightly rounded shoulders .
roughly five ten tall , a well tailored jacket could not hide the slightly rounded shoulders .
at a height of about five ten , a well tailored jacket could not hide the slightly rounded shoulders .
roughly five ten in height , a well tailored jacket could not hide the slightly protruding shoulders .
at a height of about 5 10 , a well tailored suit barely concealed slightly rounded shoulders .
about five and a half feet tall , his well tailored suit barely concealed the slightly rounded shoulders .
at a height of about 5 10 he was wearing a well tailored suit that only hid slightly rounded shoulders .
roughly five ten he was tall in a well tailored suit , which only hid slightly rounded shoulders .
about five ten in height , a well tailored suit barely hid the slightly rounded shoulders .
there were extensive consultations in the last year .
there are extensive consultations in the last year .
a review was conducted in the last year .
a review has taken place in the last year .
a thorough consultation is conducted in the last year .
these consultations have taken place over the past year .
a thorough consultation has taken place during this period .
we have conducted extensive consultations in the past year .
consultation was conducted during the last year .
there were extensive consultations that took place over the course of the year .
the gold will be different from everything else .
the gold is different !
everything will be different from the gold .
the gold is going to change everything .
the gold would have changed everything .
the gold will change everything .
everything will be changed because of the gold .
everything will change thanks to the gold .
the gold is changing .
the gold has to change everything .
let 's go and shut down all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series .
have you gone and shut down all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth series ?
let 's just shut down all the jokes we 've got in section five .
stop all the jokes going on in the fifth section .
do you want to turn off all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth section ?
do you want to stop playing all the jokes from section five ?
do you want me to turn off all the jokes in section five ?
are you going to stop all the jokes to be played in section five ?
so let 's shut down all the jokes we 've got in section five .
let 's go and stop all the jokes that are still going on in the fifth part
he will be played by a mad scientist who will destroy the entire city .
he 's supposed to be a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
he will play an important role as a mad scientist who will destroy the city .
he will play the role of a mad scientist who will destroy the entire city !
he will now be played by a mad scientist who will destroy the entire city .
he 's a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
he 's a crazy scientist with a plan to destroy the whole city .
he 's a crazy scientist going to be able to destroy this town .
he plays the role of a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
he 's going to play an insane scientist who 's gon na destroy this town .
this fucker stole me 50 bucks worth of goods .
the fucker stole it for 50 bucks .
the fucker had stolen 50 bucks from the store today .
this fucker has stolen 50 worth of goods today !
the fucking bastard stole me 50 bucks worth of goods .
the fucker stole 50 worth of things today .
this fucker had stolen 50 worth of goods today !
the fucker stole merchandise for 50 bucks .
the merchandise was stolen for 50 bucks !
this fucker stole the merchandise for 50 .
it 's a really great joss !
but it 's fantastically good .
it 's an amazing joss !
it 's fantastically good .
the joss is great !
but it 's a fantastically great joss .
he 's great !
the joss is fantastically good .
it 's a joss .
this is an amazing joss !
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
he 's selling gasoline at the toy store ?
is he selling gasoline at the toy store ?
he 's selling gasoline in the toy shop ?
does he sell gasoline at the toy store ?
are they selling gasoline at the toy store ?
is the petrol selling the toys ?
he 's selling gasoline at the toy store ?
does he sell gasoline at the toy store ?
we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
we 're going to the opposite of his plan .
we will be able to carry out the opposite of his plan .
we 're doing the opposite of his plan .
we 'll be doing the opposite of his plan .
we 're supposed to be doing the opposite of his plan .
we will now be doing the opposite of his plan .
we 'll be doing the opposite of his plan .
and we will carry out the opposite of his plan .
and we 're going to do the opposite of his plan .
you know about the movie jaws ?
have you seen the movie jaw ?
you saw in jaws .
have you seen jaws ?
did you look at jaws ' movie ?
did you look at jaws ?
you happen to have seen jaws ?
did you look at the movie jaws ?
did you look at jaws ?
have you seen jaws ?
you do n't have a headache ?
he does n't have a headache ?
is it a bad headache ?
does it hurt a little bit ?
the head is not injured ?
is n't it a terrible headache ?
is your head sore ?
your head is not bad ?
does n't it hurt a lot ?
is n't your head sore ?
it 's more than money .
it 's more than money .
it 's different from money .
it 's something bigger than money .
it 's not just about money .
it 's not just money .
it 's different .
it 's no money .
it 's all more than money .
it 's beyond the money .
every player must be given the task of finding the keys to the lock .
every player has got to find the keys to unlock the lock .
every player will have to find the keys to unlock the lock .
the search for the keys to the lock must be performed by all players .
every player has to find the keys to unlock the lock .
the search for the key to the lock will be the main task of all players .
each player must find the keys and unlock the lock .
each player must look for the keys to the lock .
every player must take care of the unlock of the lock .
each player is going to have to find the keys to the lock .
shall we kiss teddy ?
shall we kiss him ?
would you like to go for a kiss ?
shall we give her teddy ?
shall we go for a kiss ?
shall we have a kiss ?
will teddy kiss him ?
you 're kissing teddy .
let 's go kiss teddy .
are you kissing teddy ?
the sword must be trained in dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
the swordsman must be trained in dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
the skill of a swordsman can be obtained by many moves , ranging from attack to counter attack and defense .
a swordsman must be able to juggle dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
a swordsman must have the ability to carry out dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks , and defense .
 swordsman must be able to move in many ways , attacking , counter attacking , and defending .
the skill of a swordsman must require a range of different moves , attack , counter attack and defense .
the swordsman must have a range of different moves , attacks , counter attacks and defensive positions .
a swordsman needs to be able to move in dozens of different ways , attack , counterattack and defense .
a swordsman is required to be able to carry out dozens of moves and attacks , counter attacks and defense .
even if you 're five feet taller , you wo n't be able to escape .
remember you 're going to be five feet taller , you 'll probably be missing something .
five feet taller remember , you wo n't be able to escape this time .
even if you 're five feet taller , you 'll probably be missing something .
when you 're five feet taller , you wo n't be able to escape .
even if you 're five feet taller , you 'll probably be missing something .
if you 're going to miss five feet , you wo n't be able to .
think of it as being five feet taller , what you 're likely to miss .
even if you 're five feet taller , you 'll be missing a lot .
if you 're going to be five feet taller . . . you wo n't miss much .
and i 'd rather teach than throw things away .
i teaching , just so i do n't throw things away .
i 'd rather teach than throw things away .
and i teach and i do n't throw things away .
i 'd rather teach than throw things away .
at least i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
and i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
and i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
i 'd rather teach than throw things away .
i 'm teaching instead of throwing things away !
the meetings tend to involve a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must be prepared for .
the meeting is usually a large number of preparatory activities that candidates need to take into account .
these meetings are usually a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
the meetings of candidates usually include very intensive preparatory activities , and individual candidates in particular need them .
the meeting usually includes a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
these meetings are usually taking part in a large number of preparatory activities , which candidates must take into account .
the meetings are usually carried out in considerable preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
meetings are usually a large number of preparatory activities that candidates need to take into account .
the meeting involves a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must bear in mind .
these meetings are usually to carry out a large number of preparatory activities that candidates must take into account .
he 's got 30 shillings !
he 's got 30 shillings !
he 's winning 30 shillings !
he 's got to win 30 shillings !
he 's going to win 30 shillings !
he 's going for 30 shillings .
i 'll give him 30 shillings .
he 's won by 30 shillings .
he 's only got 30 shillings .
he 'll be winning 30 shillings .
they kidnapped the baby .
the baby was abducted .
the baby was kidnapped .
my baby was abducted !
they kidnap the baby .
my baby was kidnapped .
they kidnapped my baby .
the baby was in the kidnapping .
they kidnapped the little girl .
the baby is kidnapped .
do you want to win ?
did you enjoy winning ?
will you have a victory ?
did you enjoy the victory ?
would you like to win ?
did you have a win ?
will you enjoy it ?
did you enjoy victory ?
you gon na enjoy this ?
do you have a victory ?
his son seemed to die in an attack on the terrorists .
his son died at the hands of the terrorists .
his son was dead at the time of the terrorist attacks .
the father wanted to say that his son had died in an attack on the terrorists .
his son came to the terrorists ' deaths .
his son died there at the hands of the terrorists .
his son seems to have died in an attack on the terrorists .
his son was believed to have died in an attack on the terrorists .
his son used to think he was killed by terrorists .
his son was murdered by terrorists .
this evening is different .
this evening is different than in town .
the night in town is different !
this evening is different from the one in town .
the night in town is different !
the next night is in town .
this evening is in town .
this evening is completely different .
the next night is different !
the evenings are different .
are you hospital for veterans ?
do we have a veterans hospital ?
is it an old hospital ?
it 's an army hospital ?
are you from the veterans hospital ?
does it belong to a veterans hospital ?
are you at the veterans hospital ?
is it for veterans ?
does he work at a veterans hospital ?
it 's for veterans ?
he spoke it in hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke hebrew in ten minutes !
he stood and spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke in hebrew for ten minutes .
he stood and spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke to the hebrew speaker for ten minutes .
he stood there and spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
he spoke hebrew in ten minutes .
they do n't like fire .
he does n't like fire !
people do n't like fire !
they do n't like shooting !
those people do n't like fire !
everyone does n't like fire !
they do n't even like fire !
they people do n't like fire .
it does n't matter to them that they hate fire .
they do n't care about fire !
this is where the fbi was looking for him when i saw him .
the fbi seemed to be following him when i saw him .
the building , however , seemed to be raided by the fbl at the time of my visit .
the fbi attacked him when i saw him .
he seems to have been raided by the fbl when i saw him .
when i looked at him , i also found out how the fbi was looking at him .
however , when i saw him , he seemed to be raided by the fbl .
but just at the time , i saw the fbi lock the door open as they attacked him .
but all of a sudden i saw him raided by the fbl .
but the house seemed to be raided by the fbl when i looked at him .
i did n't hurt you to have a baby .
i did n't hurt your baby !
i did n't hurt your baby !
i did n't hurt your baby !
i did n't hurt your baby !
i 'm sure i did n't hurt your baby .
i did n't hurt your baby .
i did n't hurt your baby !
i did n't hurt your baby !
i did n't hurt you with my baby .
the court is required to issue such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
the court asks that these declarations be made under oath if applicable national law allows it .
the court wishes to make those declarations under oath , where applicable , if national law allows .
the court will demand that these declarations be sworn if national law allows it .
the court asks for such declarations to be sworn if national law allows it .
the courts propose to issue such declarations under oath if national law allows it .
the court will request it to issue those declarations under oath , where applicable , if national law allows .
the court is required that these declarations be made under oath if applicable under national law .
the court requests the disclosure of such declarations in the event of an exemption from national law .
the court is about to demand that these declarations be sworn , if applicable , if national law allows .
he 's just gon na let it go .
i 'm afraid he 'll leave it to me .
he 'll be afraid of me , which is why he 's going to let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her , so she 's gon na let it go .
now he 's gon na let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her and he 's gon na let it go .
he 's gon na scare her so he 'll let it go .
he 'll be scared of me , which is why he 's going to let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her off , and she 's gon na let it go .
i 'm gon na scare her , and he 's gon na let it go .
and i 'm sitting here on my ass looking at the statement .
and i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
i can sit on my ass and look at the evidence .
and i just sit here on my ass and i look at the statement !
and i sit here on my ass and keep an eye out for the allegations .
i 'll sit on my ass and keep an eye on the evidence .
and i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
and i 'm sitting on my ass and looking at the evidence .
and i 'm sitting here on my ass looking at the statement .
i think i 'm sitting on my ass . . . and i looked up at the statement .
he seems to be writing a book about driving .
she seemed to write a book about driving .
apparently she wanted to write a book about driving .
she probably wanted to write a book about driving .
he probably wants to write a book about driving .
he 's probably writing a book about driving .
they seem to be writing a book about driving .
he 's probably written a book about driving .
she wrote to the book about driving .
i 'm sure he wrote a book about driving .
he came out of jail yesterday .
they released him from jail yesterday .
they released him out of jail yesterday .
they released him out of jail yesterday .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
they released him here at last night .
he came out of jail yesterday .
they released him from jail yesterday .
they picked him up from jail yesterday .
he came out of jail last night .
i 'll give you five million .
we 'll raise five million .
he 's got five million .
i 'll give you five million .
he 's got five million .
i 'm asking for five million .
i 'm asking for five million .
i 'm asking for five million .
i 'll give you five million .
we 've got five million !
i 'll tell you if you want to watch a movie or learn pottery .
let 's say a movie or an hour of pottery .
you can choose the film or the bowl .
can choose between films and learning pottery .
you 'll be able to choose between films or learning pottery .
you can choose films or courses in pottery .
then you can choose between films and art courses .
you can go and watch the movie or learn pottery .
you can choose between films and courses in pottery .
let 's say a movie or an hour of pottery .
their women begin to sing when they get settled .
when they settle down , their women will begin .
they start singing their women when they get settled .
as soon as they settle down , their women will begin serenade .
he 's singing once his women settle down .
they start singing their women when they get settled .
they started singing their women when they settled down .
their female starts to sing once they get settled .
they just sat down and started singing their women .
he 's already starting to serenade his women when they get settled .
they do n't have grammatical truth in the pictures .
you do n't have to see the gram of truth in his paintings .
they do n't even have grammatical errors in his paintings .
he does n't have a gram of truth on the painting .
he did n't get a gram of truth out of the photo .
he does n't have a gram to tell the truth in the photo .
they do n't look at the gram of truth .
he does n't even have a gram of truth on the painting .
the painting does n't have a gram of truth .
he still does n't have a gram of truth on the painting .
did you really work here for the first time , the prime minister ?
did you really work out of office for the first time ?
do you have a prime minister for the first time ?
are you really taking the job for the prime minister for the first time ?
did you really spend the day as an employee of the government ?
did you really work for the prime minister for the first time ?
are you really the first day at the office of the prime minister ?
does he have his first day at the ministry ?
do you want to be prime minister for the first time ?
are you do it for the first time as a minister ?
if you were n't monsters , we 'd be chasing them .
let 's keep hunting monsters if you do n't .
if you are n't a monster , we 'll be hunting monsters !
just if you were n't monsters , we 'd be chasing them .
if you do n't belong to the monsters , we 'll be chasing them .
if you are n't a monster , we 'll only be hunting monsters !
once you are n't a monster , we 'll be looking for other monsters .
just if you do n't want to be a monster , we 'll be looking for monsters .
if you are n't monsters , we 'll only be chasing them .
just if you were n't monsters , we 'd still be chasing them .
it was closed in early june 2008 .
the business was closed in early june 2008 .
the business was closed in early june 2008 .
it closed the entire business in early june 2008 .
in early june 2008 , it shut its operations down .
it closed largely in june 2008 .
it subsequently closed most of its activities in early june 2008 .
its operation was closed in early june 2008 .
all activities were closed in early june 2008 .
it closed operations at the start of june 2008 .
did it shock him ?
did they shock him ?
have you surprised him ?
does it shock him ?
do you shock him ?
did it shock him ?
do you shock him ?
did it shock him ?
did it shock him ?
are you surprised ?
the effect on food and drink may cause difficulties .
it is possible to have difficulty with food and drink .
this effect is difficult to eat and drink .
these effects cause difficulty in the treatment of food and drink .
it is possible that these effects may cause difficulties to eat and drink .
this effect has a negative effect that affects the ability to eat and drink .
this effect has a problem with food and drink .
these effects have a problem to eat and drink .
the difficulty of food and drink may be caused by these effects .
this effect is detrimental to the ability to eat and drink .
they want to fire us both .
i 'd be fired .
i 'm sure they 'll fire us both .
maybe they 'll fire us both .
they could fire us both .
they could even fire us .
maybe they fire us .
they can fire us both .
maybe they want to fire us both .
they can let us both out .
that 's what you 're more beautiful than the prince .
you must be more beautiful in that dress than the prince .
that 's how you 're more beautiful than the prince .
he 's handsome like every prince in this dress .
you must be more beautiful than the prince !
you 're handsome like every prince in this dress !
you 're a beautiful princess in a dress like that .
he 's handsome in that dress .
he 's so handsome in that dress .
and that 's how you 're more beautiful than the prince .
unable to verify file
unable to verify file .
file failed to verify .
failed to verify file
unable to verify file
file unable to verify
unable to verify file .
you have to verify the file .
failed to verify the file
no file to verify
'i 'm sure , 'panagyn said .
'and they die ? 'said panagyn .
'i think they 're dying ? 'said panagyn .
'i 'll die ? 'said panagyn .
'they just want to die , 'said panagyn .
'die 'said panagyn .
'i 'll die ? 'said panagyn .
'when they die ? 'said panagyn .
'they all die ? 'said panagyn .
'really 'said panagyn .
is n't that an astronaut ?
is n't that an astronaut ?
was n't that an astronaut ?
is n't it an astronaut ?
are you an astronaut ?
you 're not an astronaut ?
is that an astronaut ?
is n't that astronaut ?
was that an astronaut ?
is n't that an astronaut ?
i 'm sure i 'll never be friends with you .
i 'll never be your friend .
we wo n't be friends .
we do n't want a friend .
do n't call me a friend .
i wo n't be a friend of yours .
i want to be friends with you .
he 's my friend !
i want to be friends with you .
we 're your friend .
i 'm sure you 're not mad at me .
you 're not mad ?
you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not mad at me ?
and you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not mad ?
you 're not mad ?
and you 're not mad at me ?
and you 're not mad at me ?
you 're not mad at me ?
it is true that the declaration of war and the attack on the nation 's troops is not equivalent .
the states when they declare war and attack the nation 's troops is not equal .
it does not have to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
it is impossible to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
the calls to war and the attacks on the nation 's troops are not equal .
the declaration of war and the attack on the nation 's troops is not necessarily equivalent .
the declarations and attack on the nation 's troops are not necessarily the same .
it is not possible to declare war and attack the nation 's troops .
the declaration to war and the attack on the nation 's troops is necessarily equivalent .
stronger or weaker war declarations will not be the same as an attack on humans and soldiers .
it 's not going to be enough for our quotas !
it 's too fast , grandpa , so accelerated , when we do n't meet our quotas .
i 'm too fast to meet the quotas !
i 'm going too fast !
we 're not going to make our quotas !
i 'm sure we 'll never meet our quotas .
we wo n't be able to meet our quotas !
grandpa , if we 're going so fast , it 's not going to meet our quotas !
and when i 'm so fast , i wo n't be able to meet my quotas !
it 's too fast , i 'm not going to meet my quotas !
jesus christ christ christ , i ca n't miss you . . .
jesus christ christ christ my ladies
god damn it , my ladies . . .
i do n't want to miss you .
i ca n't miss you .
jesus christ christ christ , i ca n't miss you . . .
i do n't want to miss you .
jesus christ christmas eve my ladies
ooh my god i ca n't miss you
oh my god i ca n't miss you
each child has been born twice .
each child will be born twice .
each child is born twice as a child .
he claims to be born twice .
i 'm sure they 're all born twice .
he 's all born twice .
he says they 're all born twice .
each child has already been born twice .
each child was born twice .
each child will be born twice .
i 'd prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
i 'm sure captain muller and anyone else who does n't know about it .
would prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
and captain muller , or who does n't know about it , would prefer .
captain muller or anyone who does n't know about it would be preferred .
would also prefer captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
please , captain muller and anyone else who does n't know about this .
captain muller or who does n't know about it will be preferred .
captain muller or someone who does n't know about it .
captain and muller , and otherwise everyone is preferred not to know .
they 're killing my film .
they 're gon na kill my movie .
he 's gon na kill my movie .
they 're gon na murder my movie .
they 'll kill my film .
he 's allowed to kill my film .
he 's killing my film .
he 's gon na murder my movie .
they 've murdered my film !
he 's got a movie to kill .
it 's our contract !
it 's a contract .
we must have a contract .
it 's in the contract !
it 's a contractual issue .
it 's gon na be in the contract !
that 's our contract !
it was our contract !
it belongs to our contract !
it 's our big contract !
the accumulation of these substances will be adversely affected by the quality of water and fish stocks .
the accumulation of these substances will have an adverse effect on water quality and fish health .
the accumulation of these organisms will be detrimental to the quality of water and fish .
the effects on water quality and fish health will be affected in the event of their accumulation .
the accumulation of these substances will result in adverse effects on water quality and fish health .
the adverse effect will be affected by the accumulation of contaminants in the water and fish stocks .
the accumulation of these substances is detrimental to the quality of water and fish .
the adverse effect on water quality and fish health will have an impact on the accumulation of these substances .
the adverse effect on water quality and fish health will be affected if the accumulation occurs .
in allowing them to accumulate , it is detrimental to the quality of water and fish stocks .
let 's get some shots .
let 's have a few shots .
let 's just get some shots .
we 're taking a picture .
we 're gon na have a couple of shots .
let 's get some shots .
let 's not take a picture .
we 're supposed to take a picture .
we 're going for a shot .
so let 's get some shots .
you ca n't sell it , mr . sigursdon .
i ca n't sell it , mr . sigursdon .
you ca n't sell it there , mr . sigursdon .
we do n't sell mr sigursdon .
mr . sigursdon , you ca n't sell it .
you ca n't sell it to mr sigursdon .
he does n't sell mr sigursdon .
do n't sell it , mr . sigursdon .
mr sigursdon ca n't sell it .
you ca n't sell in mr sigursdon .
did grady agree his negotiation ?
did grady agree to talk ?
did grady agree to a negotiation ?
does grady agree his negotiation ?
does grady agree to talk ?
did your father agree negotiation ?
did grady agree to talk ?
does grady agree with the negotiation ?
did grady agree negotiation ?
did grady agree on the negotiation ?
it is necessary to keep a balance between income from the budget and spending .
it is to maintain a balance between income from the budget and spending .
it is necessary to keep a balance between income and spending .
it is required to keep a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
we need to keep a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
it is also required to keep a balance between income and spending .
the aim is to keep a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
it is therefore necessary to maintain a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
there is a need to keep a balance between income and spending .
i want to maintain a balance between revenue from the budget and spending .
i want to be remembered for not being monsters .
i want to be remembered for not being monsters .
i just want to be known for being a monster .
i only want to remember that i 'm not a monster .
i only want to be remembered for being a monster !
i want them to think i 'm not just a monster .
i wanted to be known for not being monsters .
they want to remember me as a monster .
i just wanted to say that i was no monster .
i just wanted to say that i was n't just a monster .
i bought it a few months ago in an auction .
that 's where he was auctioned a few months ago .
i bought it a few months ago in an auction .
that 's what they bought in an auction a couple of months ago .
i last saw this auction a few months ago .
i bought it for a couple of months ago .
two months ago , the same one went to auction .
i was in an auction a few months ago .
he had a similar auction couple of months ago .
he was in the auction a few months ago .
he 's not gon na hurt the demon if he keeps his blade on his hip .
when you have the sword on your hip , it 's not gon na hurt the demons .
no demon 's gon na hurt you if you have the sword on your hip .
you 're not gon na be hurt by a demon if you have the sword on your hip .
if you have the sword on your hip , you wo n't be hurt by any demons .
if you have the sword on your hip , he 's not gon na hurt you .
if you have the sword on your hip , no one will be able to hurt you .
if you have the sword on your hip , it 's not going to hurt the demons .
if you have the sword on your side , no one will ever hurt you .
you wo n't be hurt by a demon if you have the sword on your side .
the planet has lived for 3 billion years .
the planet is habitable for 3 billion years .
the life is over 3 billion years old .
life has existed on earth for 3 billion years .
the planet has lived 3 billion years ago .
the planet is habitable for 3 billion years .
the planet is habitable for 3 billion years .
the life of the earth has existed for 3 billion years .
our planet has lived for 3 billion years .
the planet was inhabited for 3 billion years .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
i 'll show you where to sit .
there 's going to be an englishman .
he 's trying to speak english .
he 's talking in english !
there 's a guy speaking english .
there 's no one speaking english .
he 's speaking english .
he 's speaking english .
someone 's going to speak english .
there 's definitely going to be an englishman .
and there 's a guy speaking english .
is there something strange going on ?
is there something strange ?
is there something strange about that ?
is there something strange in that ?
is there something strange going on ?
there 's something weird going on ?
is there something out there ?
is n't that weird ?
was there something weird going on ?
is there any strange ?
this is what torture is causing erzebet 's servants to confess .
the torture helped to make erzebet 's servants confess .
the torture was made to confess by the servants of erzeb .
this is how torture has made erzebet 's servants confess .
this was what torture led to the confession of erzebet 's servants .
the torture has caused erzebet 's servants to confess .
the tortures led to the confession of erzebet 's servants .
the torture was what led the servants to confess .
this was how torture led the servants to confess .
the torture was the reason why the servants of erzebet had to confess .
when i 'm asleep , i 're not hot from the blood of a worm .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
i sleep , even though i 'm burned by a piece of worm blood .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
i 'm still burned by the blood of the worms even in my sleep .
until now , i 'm burned by the blood of a worm .
even if i 'm asleep , i do n't feel the blood of the worm .
when i was asleep , i did n't even know how to burn my blood .
even if i 'm asleep , i do n't feel the blood of the worm .
although i 'm asleep , i 've not burned the blood of the worm .
she was accused of sexually abusing a minor .
an elderly woman is indicted on charges of sexual abuse of a minor .
an elderly woman was accused of having sex with a minor .
an elderly woman was charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
an elderly woman was in charge of sexual abuse of a minor .
someone was indicted on the rape of an underage boy .
one elderly woman was charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
a woman was charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
an elderly woman has been charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
he 's accused an older woman of sexual abuse of a minor .
last night at one twenty after the game when they were playing , the children fought with herman .
according to herman , the party had a party party at about twenty kids .
20 kids from the party fought the herman there on the night .
twenty kids later , the same night went to a party with herman .
on the night of the party , the herman had 20 kids to fight with .
on one night , herman was beaten by 20 kids .
twenty children were beaten that night , the herman called them . . . 20 children .
on other nights , 20 children were beaten the herman .
then after playing the game , herman 's mother fought the child .
on the night of the party , herman was beaten by 20 kids .
bacterial infection can be caused by a narrowing of arteries .
bacterial infections are in most cases a narrowing of arteries .
bacterial infections tend to lead to narrowing arteries .
bacterial infection usually causes atherosclerotic arteries .
a bacterial infection can be caused by a narrowing of arteries .
the bacterial infection is caused by a narrowing of arteries .
the bacterial infection tends to lead to a narrowing of arteries .
the bacterial infection causes a narrowing of arteries in the arteries .
bacterial infection is caused by a narrowing of arteries .
bacterial infections are caused by narrowing of arteries .
are you afraid of him ?
are you afraid ?
is he afraid ?
is he afraid ?
is he afraid of me ?
did i get scared ?
were you afraid ?
i 'm scared ?
does he get scared ?
are you afraid of me ?
let 's get something to buy !
let 's go buy something !
let 's just buy something !
let 's not buy anything .
so let 's get something .
let 's go buy something !
let 's get something to buy
let 's get something together .
so let 's buy something !
so let 's get something to buy .
i wo n't be able to fight .
i wo n't have any fights .
we wo n't fight .
we do n't have to fight , i promise .
we wo n't have any fights .
i wo n't be fighting anymore .
i wo n't fight you .
i wo n't let you fight , i promise .
we wo n't be able to fight .
he 's not gon na fight , i swear .
you ca n't be a convicted felon in my time .
you ca n't go through my time .
you ca n't go to jail on my watch !
you ca n't convict me at my watch .
you ca n't be convicted at my place !
you ca n't be convicted in my time !
they ca n't convict you at my place .
you ca n't be convicted in my time !
and you ca n't be convicted at my place .
i ca n't sentence you on my watch .
that 's why people consider transactions data as an environmental information .
the people tend to consider transactions data as information about the environment .
that 's what people consider to be environmental data .
it follows that people generally consider transactions data as information about the environment .
the population is essentially treated as information about transactions in the environment .
people therefore tend to regard transactions as information about the environment .
the population therefore considers the data relating to transactions as an environmental information .
the population would therefore consider the data relating to transactions as an environmental information .
i are sure that people consider transactions data as an environmental information .
people essentially consider environmental data .
i 'd die right away .
i 'm sure you 'd die immediately .
if you were in a more direct position , you 'd die .
if i had gotten a little closer , you 'd be dead instantly .
if you looked at it a little more closely , you 'd die .
i 'd be more likely to die immediately .
i 'd die right away .
one more shot and you 'd be dead right away .
if you looked at it a little more closely , you 'd die instantly .
when it 's a little more direct , you 'll die .
let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
let 's just get our bags and the cattle .
so let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
let 's not take our bags and the cattle .
let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
so let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
now we have bags and animals !
so let 's get all the bags and the cattle .
pick up your bags and wild .
she saw something in the image of the revolving earth .
he looked at the image of the revolving earth .
she showed him in the form of an image of the revolving earth .
he pointed to the image of the revolving earth .
she saw the revolving earth in the image .
she saw something in the image of the revolving earth .
the image appeared on the rotating earth .
there was an image of the rotation of the earth around him .
she saw the image of the revolving earth .
i saw the image of the rotating earth .
drop the gun .
put the gun down .
put the gun down .
put the gun down .
put the gun down .
put the gun down .
drop the guns !
put your gun down .
put the gun down .
put the gun down .
you want to play football ?
do you want to play football ?
you want guys to play football ?
do you want to play football ?
would you like to play football ?
do you want to play football ?
do you want to play football , mate ?
did you want to play football ?
do you want to play football ?
you want some football ?
do you have the stone ?
do you have them ?
do you have the stones ?
do you have the stone ?
will you return the stone ?
do you have the stone back ?
do you have your rock ?
do you have it ?
do you have your rocks ?
will you return the stones ?
do you have an entire story ?
you have everything to tell us ?
have you told us everything yet ?
are you telling our whole story ?
you 've told our entire story ?
did you say everything ?
did you tell her everything ?
you want to tell us everything ?
did you say a lot ?
did you say a lot ?
it is necessary to examine the third ground first .
it is therefore required to examine the third ground first .
it is necessary to examine the third ground first .
it is appropriate that the third ground of appeal is addressed first .
it is therefore to examine the third ground first .
it is therefore necessary to examine the third ground first .
it is to examine the third ground first .
it is appropriate that the third ground of appeal is addressed first .
the third plea needs to be heard first .
the third plea needs to be heard first .
the president wants to negotiate , ok ?
they want to negotiate , ok ?
he 's talking about negotiation .
i 'm sure he means negotiation .
a deal to negotiate , all right ?
he wanted to talk , ok ?
his goal is to negotiate , ok ?
would he want to negotiate ?
negotiation needs to be done .
to mean negotiation .
did you pursue him ?
did you chase him ?
did you pursue the man ?
did you chase the man ?
did you chase the man ?
did you pursue the man ?
have you pursued him ?
did you pursue anyone ?
did you chase anyone ?
did you pursue this ?
i 'm sure he 's taking too much risk .
this is going to be a huge risk .
the boy is risky .
that 's what he 's risking .
this is very risky .
this will be his great risk .
this is risky .
but this is going to be a huge risk .
that would be a great risk .
that 's an enormous risk .
dwera was angry with mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera was angry at mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera was angry with mudfoot 's behaviour .
the mudfoot was angry at dwera 's behaviour .
dwera was angry to see mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera was very angry with mudfoot 's behaviour .
it was difficult to irritate dwera 's behaviour .
dwera 's behaviour was uncomfortable with mudfoot .
dwera was offended by mudfoot 's behaviour .
dwera 's behaviour was irritable to mudfoot .
when the klingons attacked him , he was trapped on cardassia .
after the klingons attacked he was trapped in the kennels .
when klingon attacked him , he was caught in cardassia .
when the klingons attacked , they took him into cardassia .
when klingon attacked him , he ran into cardassia .
when klingon attacked him , he stayed on cardassia .
when the klingons attacked , they gave him a hostage in cardassia .
when klingon attacked him , he resorted to cardassia .
when the klingons attacked him they hid in cardassia .
after the klingons attacked , they took him to cardassia .
you ca n't take the law and commit violence .
they do n't get permission to take the law into their hands and commit violence .
he does n't allow himself to take the law into his own hands and commit violence .
we do n't allow them to take the law into their hands and commit violence .
he does n't allow himself to take the law into his own hands and commit violence .
i ca n't take law into my own hands and commit violence .
you ca n't go to take the law into your own hands and commit violence .
i ca n't take the law into my own hands and commit violence .
he did n't allow himself to take the law into his own hands and commit violence .
you ca n't take the law into your own hands and commit violence .
they reflect their destinies .
they are devising human destinies .
they reflect their destinies .
the individual will reflect the human destinies .
it is used to determine human destinies .
they reflect the people .
the fate will be reflected in the human destinies .
they have reflected the human destinies .
it will affect the human destinies .
he 's deluding the human destinies .
their smell at some point was enough to cover up the terrible smell .
their perfume was almost enough to disguise the terrible smell at night .
their perfume sometimes masked the smell of a terrible smell .
sometimes their perfume almost made them a terrible smell .
their fragrances at some point were so strong that they nearly covered the terrible smell .
their perfume was sometimes enough for a terrible smell .
sometimes their perfume helped so much to disguise the terrible smell .
the smell of their perfume was so strong that it nearly covered the terrible smell .
their perfume was almost enough for a terrible smell at night .
a couple of nights made the smell so strong that it nearly covered the smell .
do you want to get something to drink ?
would you like to have a drink ?
would you like a glass ?
would you like something to drink ?
would you like something to drink ?
do you want something to drink ?
would you like have a glass ?
do you want a glass ?
would you care for something to drink ?
would you get me a drink ?
it 's a lot for your life .
it 's too much for your life .
there 's a lot of life to live for .
it 's too much for your life .
it 's for your life .
you have a lot of life to live .
he 's got a lot of life to live .
it 's worth living for .
it 's a great life for you .
it 's worth living for .
is there anyone schizophrenic in town overnight ?
is everyone in town schizophrenic overnight ?
that everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight .
do you think everyone in town is going to be schizophrenic overnight ?
is there a schizophrenic in town overnight ?
how could everyone in town be schizophrenic overnight ?
has everyone in town become a schizophrenic overnight ?
how could a city one be schizophrenic overnight ?
so everyone in town is schizophrenic overnight ?
why is everyone in town schizophrenic overnight ?
he 's gon na shoot him if he touches the germans .
he 's got to shoot a german if he gets in his way .
if he 's offended by the germans , he 'll be shot .
if i offend the germans , they 'll shoot him .
if he insults the germans , he 's gon na shoot .
if he 's offended by the germans , he 'll shoot .
when he 's insulted by the germans , he 'll shoot .
if he insults the germans , he 's bulletproof !
if he 's going to offend the germans , it 's gon na be bulletproof .
he 's shooting at the german .
but there 's a border line .
but there 's a border .
there 's a line on the border .
there 's a border crossing everywhere .
but there 's a border .
there 's on the border .
there 's been a border line .
there 's a border .
there 's a border line everywhere .
there 's a border on the border .
he 's not abusing .
he 's not abusing me !
he 's not talking to me .
he 's not abused .
he 's not supposed to be abusing me .
he 's not abused by me !
he 's not gon na abuse me !
he has not abused me !
he has not been abused .
he 's not abusing me !
the commander is perfectly calm in addressing our problems .
the commander remains calm in his dealings with mr clark .
the commander remains calm in his dealings with mr clark .
commander is perfectly calm in addressing our problems .
the commander is more calm in these matters , mr . clark .
the commander is perfectly calm in these matters .
the commanders remain perfectly calm in the face of any difficulties .
the commander is still calm in addressing our problems .
the commander is calm even in these circumstances .
the commander in chief is as calm as possible .
he wo n't let you break the wall !
he wo n't let you break the wall .
he does n't want you to break through the walls .
he did n't let you break the wall .
he does n't want you breaking the wall .
you wo n't get out of the wall .
he did n't let you get away with the wall .
he did n't let go of the wall .
he wo n't even let you break the wall .
but you wo n't be able to break through these walls .
he 'll be proud of me .
he 's proud of me .
he 's so proud of me .
he 'll be proud of me .
he 's gon na be proud of me .
he 's proud of me .
he makes me proud .
he 's proud to be mine .
he 's so proud of me .
he 's gon na be proud of me .
they have a clever choice .
they 're smart choices .
it 's a smart decision .
they have a choice .
but they have a clever choice !
it was a clever choice .
they 're very smart .
you have a very clever choice .
it 's very clever .
we have smart choice !
it 's weird , but your mind is able to do it .
it 's weird , but he has the mind to do it .
but it 's weird , but he has a mind capable of doing it .
it 's weird , but he 's able to do it .
it 's weird , but he has a mind capable of doing it .
they 're weird , but their mind is able to do it .
that 's weird , but his mind is able to do it .
it 's weird , but he can do it with his mind .
he 's weird , but sure he can do it .
it 's weird , but he 's got a brain capable of doing it .
our friend was shot by a gun that matched betty 's bullet .
our friend had a match for the bullet that killed betty .
our friend 's got a gun on his gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
our friend has done ballistics on a gun that matches the bullet that killed betty .
the gun was matched by a bullet that killed betty .
our friend 's was a match for the bullet that killed betty .
our friend 's gun is on the same bullet as betty 's .
our friend did a ballistics on his gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
our friend did ballistics on his gun , which matches the bullet that killed betty .
our friend has to be ballistics matched by a bullet that killed betty .
i 'm sure he stole only bread from the bakery .
i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
i ca n't say he stole more than a loaf of bread .
i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
i do n't know if he stole anything more than bread .
i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
i do n't know if he stole anything more than bread .
i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
but i do n't know if he stole more than a loaf of bread .
i do n't know if he stole anything more than bread .
you 're going to jail for the queen .
you 're being arrested for the queen .
he 's going to the queen 's arrest !
you 're going to be arrested for the queen .
he 's going to arrest you for the queen .
he 's arresting the queen .
i 'll arrest you for the queen .
i 'll arrest you for the queen .
you 're being arrested for the queen .
i 'll arrest you for the queen 's sake .
so he 's living with that poor guy ?
does he live in the house of the poor ?
does he want to live in the house of the poor ?
and he 's living with the poor guy now ?
now he lives with the poor guy ?
does he even live in the house of the poor ?
so does he live in the house of the poor ?
does he live to the poor man 's house ?
does he live in the house of the poor ?
and he 's still living with that poor guy ?
frank wanted to steal a state secret .
frank wants to steal a state secret .
the plan was to steal a state secret .
i 'm sure frank wanted him to steal a state secret .
his motive was to steal a state secret .
frank would have taken care of him if he had stolen state secrets .
frank offered him to steal a state secret .
it was frank 's job to steal a state secret .
so frank offered him to steal a state secret .
he wanted to steal a state secret from frank .
i 'm sure i 'll torture him and kill him .
i want to torture him and kill him !
i 'd like to torture him and kill him .
i want to torture him and kill him !
we want to torture him and kill him .
i only want to torture him and kill him !
i want you to torture him and kill him !
he wants to torture him and kill him .
i only want to torture him and kill him !
i only want to torture him and kill him !
i 've lived here for six years in fifteen cities .
i lived in 15 cities for six years .
i 've lived here for six years in fifteen cities .
i lived in six cities for six years .
we lived in 15 cities for six years .
we lived together for six years in fifteen cities .
so it 's six years of life in 15 cities .
we 've lived in 15 cities for six years .
we live in six cities in a single year .
so we lived in 15 cities for six years .
we 're going for a few things .
we 're going to buy something .
we 're buying something .
we 'll buy something .
we have to buy something .
i 'll buy a few things .
we 'll go for a few things .
we go for a few things .
we 'll go buy something .
we 're supposed to buy something .
you do n't have anyone ?
you do n't want to go home ?
you do n't have ?
has n't anyone been ?
is n't anyone here ?
no one came ?
was n't there anyone ?
you do n't live at home ?
i do n't have anyone at home ?
is anyone here ?
are there people ?
is there anyone else ?
is anyone here ?
is anyone here ?
do you have anyone ?
is there anyone out there ?
are there any people ?
is anyone even there ?
is there anyone ?
is anyone here yet ?
did you see the underwear ?
did you see the underwear ?
did you see him ?
do you see the underwear ?
did you see those pants ?
did you see the panties ?
did you see him this way ?
do you see the underwear ?
did you see his underwear ?
do you see them ?
i 'll brief you in the morning .
we 'll be briefed in the morning .
we 're talking in the morning .
we 're closing this in the morning .
i 'm going to brief you tomorrow .
i 'm sure we 'll talk in the morning .
we 'll be briefed in the morning .
let 's talk about it tomorrow morning .
will testify in court tomorrow .
we 'll talk here in the morning .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
let 's count to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
and i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
and i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'll be counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'm counting to ten before i shoot .
i 'll be counting down to ten before i shoot .
the cover exploded , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the cover was ablaze , and hydrogen exploded in the fireball .
the cover exploded in flames , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the cover was blown up by a flame , and the molecules flew out .
the cover exploded in flames , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the outer cover exploded in flames , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the cover began to burn , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the cover exploded with a flame , and one flew the hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover exploded in flames , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
the outer cover flared up , and the hydrogen inside exploded in the fireball .
i ca n't afford an oil price .
i ca n't afford an oil price .
i ca n't say about the oil price .
i ca n't put an oil price on them .
i ca n't afford to give them an oil price .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
i ca n't give them an oil price .
i ca n't say about the oil price .
i ca n't give them an oil price !
my friend is busy !
the friend is busy .
my friend is very busy .
my friends are busy !
the friend is still busy .
my friends are very busy !
my friend is still busy .
my friend is very busy . . .
the friends are busy !
a friend is still busy .
ten members of the gang were killed in wild shootings and bombings .
a series of wild shots and bombs were killed by several members of the gang .
ten armed members of the gang were killed in a shootout .
there were a series of wild shots and bombings that killed dozens of members of the gang .
a series of wild shots and bombs were killed by several members of the gang .
there were wild shots that killed dozens of members of the gang .
more than twenty members were killed in wild shootings and bombings .
there were shootings and bombs killed by several members of the gang .
ten armed robberies were killed by gangs .
in wild shooting , the remains of several members of the gang killed dozens .
we do n't have a lot of technical glitches .
we did n't solve too many technical glitches .
i 've had enough technical glitches .
i do n't have a lot of technical glitches .
we ca n't handle too many technical glitches .
we did n't work on a lot of technical glitches .
i did n't get enough technical glitches .
we did n't manage to handle too many technical glitches .
i ca n't handle a lot of technical glitches .
we ca n't have a lot of technical glitches .
you 'll only look like a mystery to me .
i 'll sit here and look like a mystery .
you 'll be sitting here looking mysterious .
so you 'll all sit here and it will be a mystery .
you 'll only be able to sit here and look mysterious !
you wo n't look like you 're going to be a mystery .
you 'll only have a look of mystery .
you 'll just sit there like it 's a mystery .
you 'll sit and look like a mystery to me !
you 'll have a mysterious look on your face .
according to your movie , it 's raining .
i hear in the movie is taking a big hit .
as i heard in your movie , i was really impressed . . . driving through the rain .
as you film it , it 's going to rain .
in the movie about you , i hear the rain .
in the movie about you , it really rains .
i 've heard in your movie , it 's really raining . . .
well , in your movie , your time was really big , you were getting really big .
in your movie and big , it 's raining .
it was mentioned in your movie , it 's rainy pretty much .
you 're just gon na sit here and look mysterious .
you just have to sit here and look mysterious .
you sit here like a mystery .
you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you just have to sit here and look mysterious .
now you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you 're just sitting around looking mysterious .
you can only sit in the middle and look mysterious .
and you have to sit here and look mysterious .
you sit and just look mysterious .
that 's what i 'm saying he was n't strong enough .
i want to say he is n't strong enough .
he does n't look strong enough !
i want to say he is n't strong enough .
that 's why he was n't strong enough .
i 'll tell you it 's not hard enough .
i wo n't be strong enough !
i 'm just saying he was n't strong enough .
i think he was n't strong enough .
i wanted to say he was n't strong enough !
we have a traitor who will be punished by an imperial law .
he 's going to punish him with an empire law .
i 'm sure he 'll be punished by an imperial law .
he 's going to jail for treason and the empire 's laws .
there 's a traitor in him , and he 'll be punished for it .
the traitor is a traitor , and he will be punished for it .
he 's committing treason and the empire will punish him accordingly .
there 's a traitor in him and he 's going to be punished for it .
he 's called a traitor and i 'm going to punish him with an empire law .
he 's a traitor , and an empire will punish him for it .
it 's a full alert for him .
it 's a full alert !
he has a security as a full alert .
it 's a precaution .
he 's alert for such a thing .
it 's a security alert !
it 's a complete security alert .
it 's a full fledged security .
it 's his security !
it 's a complete alert for him .
lucian dragged them into a crumbling shack with no head .
lucian dragged his remains into a crumbling shack .
lucian dragged them into a crumbling shack with no head .
when lucian put the headless bodies into a decaying shack , lucian dragged them away .
lucian dragged his remains into a crumbling shack .
only lucian dragged them to a decaying shack .
lucian dragged his body into a crumbling shack .
lusian dragged the defenseless body into a crumbling shack .
lucian dragged the defenseless body into a crumbling shack .
only lucian dragged morgan headless into a crumbling shack .
he did n't notice the video .
did you notice this video ?
he did n't notice about the video .
you did n't notice ?
did you notice this video ?
did n't you notice this video ?
he did n't notice the video , did you notice it ?
did n't you notice this video ?
he did n't notice you were still carrying the video .
he did n't notice video , you did't notice ?
your farm is close to the woods .
thanks to his farm and forest , you 're close .
his farm is close by the woods .
your farms with forests near your house are adjacent .
your farms are in the vicinity of the woods .
your farms are close to the woods .
he 's got a farm and a forest near where you live .
his farm lies in a forest that 's adjacent to yours .
on his farm , your forest is adjacent to yours .
he 's got a farm and a forest near where you live .
has n't the war freed cothia ?
has n't war released ?
'has n't the war freed cothy ?
did n't the cothys go through a war ?
does n't war lead to cothysa 's liberation ?
has n't cothys unleashed their war ?
is n't the war liberating cothy ?
does n't cothy have a war ?
has n't the war freed cothia ?
did not the war bring cothia to freedom ?
let 's go home , okay ?
let 's go home , okay ?
let 's go home , okay ? ''
are we going home ?
so we 're going home ?
shall we go to the house ?
let 's just go home , okay ?
we 're going home right now ?
are we going to go home ?
do we have to go home ?
i 'll give you a taiwanese gang 's territory .
give me taiwan 's gang 's territory !
i 'll give you a taiwanese gang 's territory .
then i 'll get a taiwanese gang 's territory .
so i get a taiwanese gang 's territory .
that 's what i get from a taiwanese gang .
i need a territory from a taiwanese gang .
i 'll get a taiwanese gang 's territory .
then i have a taiwanese gang 's territory .
i have a territory from a taiwanese gang .
there 's no one so good to be a salesman .
there 's no one being too good for a salesman .
you ca n't be too good for a salesman .
no one can be so good as a salesman .
no one ca n't be too good for a salesman .
anyone ca n't be so good as a salesman .
no one ca n't be a good salesman .
there 's no one so good that he ca n't be a salesman .
everyone can be so good that he ca n't be a salesman .
you ca n't be too good for a salesman .
his moustache seemed to be sticking out .
the moustache seemed to be hanging .
he seemed to have a moustache .
the man seems to have hung his moustache .
he even seemed to have a moustache .
his moustache seems to be hanging .
his moustaches seemed to be sticking out .
yet he seemed to have a moustache .
it was strange to see that his moustache was hanging .
the moustaches seemed to hang .
she took me by the slim hand and caressed me lightly .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder and took me by the hand .
she grabbed my slim hand and leaned toward me .
she grabbed my slim hand and stroked my hand .
she bent over my slim hand and took me by the arm .
she put a slim hand on my shoulder and took me by the hand .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder and stroked my hand .
she took hold of my slim hand and groped for me .
she put her slim hand on my shoulder and stroked .
she cupped my slim hand with her slim fingers and groped me .
i feel like they 're really nice guys .
i 'm sure they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i 'd say they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
i think they 're really nice guys .
the stones were heavy and burned like a hot iron in my hand .
the stones struck their hard hands like a hot iron .
his hands burned a sharp piece of rock , like a hot iron .
his hands were hot with rock as a hot iron .
the rock was hard , out of their hands like a hot iron .
the rock struck them hard and burned like a hot iron in their hands .
the stones came to their hands and burned like a hot iron .
the stone crinkled their hands like a hot iron in a hot hand .
the stone struck their hands with a sharp , hot iron .
the stones struck hard red hands like a hot iron .
he loves the schumama !
he loves the schumama with his own dog .
he likes the little dog .
he 's got a little dog who likes schumama .
he 's got a little dog who likes schumama .
he 's a little dog like schumama .
he loves the little dog at schumama .
we have a little dog who likes schumama .
he 's loving schumama .
he 's obsessed with schumama .
i 'm sure nobody will beg me , not even you .
i 'm not begging anyone , including you .
nobody 's gon na make me beg for anything .
i 'm not begging anyone , not even you .
nobody will make me beg for anything , not even you .
i 'm not begging anyone , including you .
nobody will ever beg me , not even you .
nobody will give me any more begging , not even you .
nobody will ever beg me for you .
nobody will beg me , not even you !
big differences appear to be emerging in social issues .
significant differences have emerged in the social realm .
significant differences can be found in social issues .
significant differences have emerged .
big differences show in social issues .
social issues are different .
a significant difference can be found in social issues .
significant differences in social issues have emerged .
big differences are evident in social issues .
significant differences in the social realm have emerged .
garuda screamed again as he raced to the door .
garuda screamed at him and ran back to the gate .
when garuda was on his way to the gate , garuda screamed again .
garuda screamed once more as he headed for the gate .
garuda cried out and ran back to the gate .
garuda screamed at him as he drove to the gate .
garuda screamed and quickly headed for the gate .
garuda cried out in the direction of the gate .
garuda screamed and ran for the door .
garuda screamed at the top of his lungs .
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
if they do n't stop behaving like crazy , i wo n't even come out of the bathroom .
when they do n't stop behaving like crazy , i do not want to come out of the bathroom .
so long as they do n't all act crazy , i wo n't let you get out of my bathroom !
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't let you go from the bathroom !
you wo n't stop behaving like a fool , i beg you , you ca n't come out of the bathroom !
if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
when i did n't stop behaving like a fool , i could n't even get out of the bathroom !
so if they do n't stop behaving crazy , i wo n't come out of the bathroom .
i wo n't come if they do n't stop being crazy !
you 've found the owner of those apartments ?
who owned those suites ?
who was in those apartments ?
you 'd have found out who owns those apartments ?
have you found out who owns those apartments ?
so you found out who owns those apartments ?
who in the apartment was found ?
who 's got those apartments ?
you 've learned about the owner of those apartments ?
have you found out who owns those apartments ?
it 's not cry ?
it 's not crying .
it 's not sad ?
it 's not crying .
you do n't cry ?
it does n't cry much ?
it 's not a cry ?
it 's not crying ?
it 's not crying ?
it 's not crying ?
let 's not give the last penny of the film .
so we do n't give the last penny to the film .
let 's not give the last penny of the film .
i do n't think we should spend the last penny on the film .
we 're not going to make the last penny of the film .
i 'm sure we wo n't give the last penny to the film .
we 're not going to the last penny of the film .
i do n't think we should spend the last penny of the film .
so we do n't give the last penny to the film .
that 's why we should n't give the last penny to the film .
the power of restorative energy will be born out of love .
a powerful healing power will be born out of love .
a powerful healing power will emerge from love .
the love will be awakened by powerful restorative energy .
the power of restorative energy will emerge from love .
a powerful healing power will emerge from love .
a powerful healing power has emerged from love .
the power of restorative energy has emerged from love .
the healing power comes from love .
it will be released by powerful restorative energy from love .
you get your stuff at the same time .
take the rock with you and return your things .
have his stuff .
if he gets his rocks back , he gets everything .
take your rock with you and return your things .
have his stuff .
your rock is returned to you .
return it to your rock .
you 'll get your stuff as soon as you get your rocks .
your rock will return your rock .
the applicants were rejected to refund the tax they had received from different customers .
in the end , the applicants were rejected to refund the tax paid to the various customers .
the applicants declined to refund the tax they had received from other customers .
the applicants declined to refund the tax they had received from other customers .
the applicants declined to refund the tax they had received from other customers .
the applicants , however , have rejected the applications of other customers for a refund of turnover tax .
in addition , they rejected applications that different customers had filed for a refund of turnover tax .
the applicants rejected the requests made by other customers to refund the turnover tax .
they rejected the various requests to refund the tax on turnover .
they also rejected applications that were made by other customers to refund the turnover tax .
jen starts working on a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
jen started working on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
he started working on a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
jen started a long process of judicial help to brilliant lawyers .
he starts working on a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
jen was starting a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
jen was embarking on a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
jen is starting a long judicial process to help brilliant lawyers .
she started a long process of judicial help for excellent lawyers .
jen started to a long judicial procedure to help brilliant lawyers .
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot fool !
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot for me .
you 're an idiot !
you 're so stupid !
you 're such idiots .
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot for being such an idiot .
in one day our ship can travel further than earth .
maybe one day our ship will be able to land on another planet .
i 'm sure someday our ship will be able to travel to another planet .
someday in 20 years our spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet .
maybe one day our ship will be able to land on another planet .
our ship may be traveling on another planet someday .
the spacecraft will fly on to another planet someday .
our ship could take us to another planet someday .
the spacecraft will be able to travel to another planet sometime .
our ship can travel to another planet in a minute .
we do n't want to compensate the accused .
we wo n't be compensating for your damage .
i 'm sure we wo n't compensate the accused for their damage .
we do n't pay the costs of the accused .
we do n't pay compensation to the accused .
i 'm not compensating for your damage .
he does n't want to compensate the defendant for his damage .
we do n't be compensating for damages .
the defendant will not be compensated for this damage .
the defendants do not pay compensation for their damage .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i ca n't disclose military affairs .
i 'm sure it 's not my right to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i 'm not allowed to disclose military affairs .
i ca n't disclose military affairs .
i do n't have permission to disclose military affairs .
i ca n't allow you to disclose military affairs .
i 'm sure they 'll be back in 18 months .
they 'll be fine for 18 months .
the recovery will take 18 months .
the recovery will last 18 months .
the recovery will take 18 months from now .
the recovery will only last 18 months .
the recovery will be delayed by 18 months .
the recovery needs to be done in 18 months .
the survivors will recover within 18 months .
the recovery will be 18 months old .
we 're arguing in court .
we 're arguing a court in a courthouse .
we 're going to argue in court .
we 're arguing here in court .
we 're having a fight in court .
we argue in court .
we 'll argue in court .
we 're arguing .
we 're supposed to argue in court .
we 're supposed to argue in court .
he was involved in an attempted murder charge .
he 's accused of attempted murder .
he 's committed an attempted murder charge .
he pleaded for the attempted murder of the judge .
he 's trying for a judge 's murder .
he was doing an attempted murder trial .
he was acting for the judge 's attempted murder .
he was accused of attempting to kill the judge .
the offence was attempted by the judge .
the offence was for the attempted murder of the judge .
i 'm sure it 's bad when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's bad to end up with a guy like tom van .
it 's bad if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's bad if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's bad to end up like tom van .
it 's a shame when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's bad enough if a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it 's not good to end up like tom van .
it 's not a good thing when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
it does n't have to be so bad when a guy like tom van ends up like that .
there seems to be agent spikings ' fault .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
looks like agent spikings made some mistakes .
there seems to be an error in agent spikings .
seems to have made some mistakes .
the commissioner seems to have made a mistake .
agent spikings seemed to be making mistakes .
agents spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
the agent spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
agent spikings seems to have made some mistakes .
bring him with bread , mr . pontail .
give it to mr pontail for bread !
you have to bring mr . pontail 's bread .
bring bread to mr . pontail !
bring the bread for mr pontail !
bring bread with mr pontail !
bring me a loaf of bread for mr . pontail !
bring me with bread to mr pontail .
bring the bread to mr pontail .
bring the bread to mr pontail .
i 'll release him from all official records .
we want to release him from all official records .
i 'll release him from all official records .
we 'll delete all official records .
i 'll release him from all official records .
i 'll release him from all official records .
we 'll give him all the official records .
we 'll release him from all official records .
we 'll clean up all the official records .
i want to clear him of all official records .
everyone be calm .
everyone needs to calm down .
everyone is calm .
you have to calm down .
everyone have to calm down .
everyone be calm .
everybody calm down !
everyone to calm down .
everyone is so calm .
everyone have to calm down .
the food is worth about 2,000 standard .
the food is expensive by 2,000 standard .
the food will be worth about 2,000 standard .
the food is expensive .
the food is roughly equal to 2,000 standard .
the meals are expensive .
the food costs around 2,000 standard .
the food costs an approximate 2,000 standard .
the food costs a minimum of 2,000 standard .
the food is worth about 2,000 standard .
have you spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
have you spoken to a prosecutor or a judge ?
have you spoken to a prosecutor or a judge ?
so you 've spoken to a prosecutor or a judge ?
you 've seen a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
i 'm not talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge .
have you spoken to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
you 're talking to a prosecutor , a defense attorney or a judge ?
if you were talking to a prosecutor or a judge .
you have spoken to a prosecutor , a lawyer or a judge ?
this is what every wannabe knight says .
this is how all free knights talk .
all knights have to say this !
this is what every wannabe knight says .
this was what every wannabe knight was saying .
this is what every wannabe knight says .
this is how every wannabe knight says .
it 's what every wannabe knight says !
all knights used to tell us this .
all knights have told us this .
when they all stop being crazy , i do n't want to go to the bathroom .
just before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
i do n't want to go to the bathroom before they all go crazy .
just before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before i do n't want to go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
i do n't want to go to the bathroom before they all go crazy .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
before they all go crazy , i 'm not going to the bathroom .
garuda screamed again as he raced to the door .
garuda screamed at him and ran back to the gate .
when garuda was on his way to the gate , garuda screamed again .
garuda screamed once more as he headed for the gate .
garuda cried out and ran back to the gate .
garuda screamed at him as he drove to the gate .
garuda screamed and quickly headed for the gate .
garuda cried out in the direction of the gate .
garuda screamed and ran for the door .
garuda screamed at the top of his lungs .
must be subjected to a test that has been decided .
he must undergo a test , which has been decided .
he must undergo a test in accordance with the decision .
they must now be subjected to tests that have been decided .
the examination must be carried out , which has been decided .
he must go through some tests , which was decided .
he must then undergo a test , which was decided .
he must then go through the tests , which was decided .
the tests must be carried out , which was decided .
they must be subject to a test , which was decided .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try .
but i did n't try it .
i did n't try either .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try at all .
i did n't try .
i did n't try him .
i did n't try him .
he hit me even more !
he made me a lot worse !
he fucked me up again .
he knocked me out a lot worse .
he hurt me even more !
he fucked up the whole thing even more .
he just made me a lot worse !
he abused me again !
he got a lot worse .
he just fucked me up again .
but now i 'm really hard to forgive .
but i 'm really hard to forgive myself for this .
and i 'm really hard to forgive myself for this .
but i 'm really hard to forgive myself for this .
and i 'm sorry about what i did .
but i 'm really sorry for what i did .
and i 'm hard to forgive myself for what i 've done .
but i feel terrible that i have to forgive myself .
yet i am deeply sorry for what i have done .
and i 'm sorry .
we 'll heat up our bodies .
we 're going to the heat of our bodies .
we 're gon na get our bodies warmed up .
we 'll warm our bodies up .
we 're hugging our bodies to keep warm .
we 'll warm our bodies together .
we 'll hide in a huddle for warmth .
we 'll heat up our bodies to keep warm .
then we 'll have a warm body .
we 'll have a warm body .
you did n't say anything about fighting or crying ?
you do n't want me to hear any screaming or crying ?
you do n't say anything about fighting or crying ?
you did n't say anyone was screaming or crying ?
have you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
it does n't sound like a fight or a cry ?
you wo n't say anything about fighting or crying ?
you 've said nothing about fighting or crying ?
he does n't seem to be struggling or crying ?
have you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
wo n't solve any of this yelling .
we do n't want to hear screaming to solve anything .
we do n't solve anything by screaming .
we wo n't get anything solved by screaming .
screaming wo n't solve anything .
wo n't solve any of this yelling .
it does n't solve anything .
he does n't want to solve anything by screaming .
i 'm sure the screaming wo n't solve anything .
we wo n't solve for the screaming .
it 's the shore from the mountains !
it 's going to the shore of the mountains !
the coastline is behind the mountains .
it 's behind the mountains !
it 's called the coastline behind the mountains !
the coastline leads to the mountains !
it 's called the shore of the mountains !
we have a coastline behind that mountain .
it 's going to be the shore of the mountains !
he 's got a coastline behind the mountains !
let 's get some ice and cups ready !
there 's a lot of ice and cups .
there must be plenty of ice and cups .
there 's a lot of ice and cups needed .
there 's a lot of ice and cups ready .
there must be plenty of ice and cups .
there 's no ice .
let 's get some ice and cups ready !
let 's just get some ice and cups ready !
there 's an iced cup .
are n't you drunk or drug addicted ?
do you think i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
are n't you dependent on drugs or alcohol ?
does he look alcoholic or drug addicted ?
are you a drug addict or a drinker ?
are you dependent on drugs or alcohol ?
is n't it dependent on drugs or alcohol ?
are n't you a drug addict or an alcoholic ?
are n't you sure i 'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
does n't it look like i 'm addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
is n't anyone bad ?
is n't that wrong ?
is there anything wrong ?
is n't anyone wrong ?
and does n't anyone look bad ?
is it bad ?
does n't that seem bad ?
is n't it bad ?
does n't anyone look bad ?
does anyone look bad ?
did you get the medicine ?
did you go to get roy 's medication ?
did you have roy 's pills ?
did you get medicine ?
did you take the medicine ?
did you go to get roy 's medication ?
did you get medicine ?
did you take her medication ?
did you take care of roy ?
did you get roy 's medication ready ?
it is possible that dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if control at molecular levels fails .
without external interventions , it is possible to re crystallize dilithium , even if molecular levels are not controlled .
it is possible that dilithium can be re crystallised without external help , even if control at molecular levels fails .
except for the failure of molecular level control , it is possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help .
it is possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help , even if molecular levels are not controlled .
although control at molecular level has failed , it is still possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help .
it is possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help , although molecular levels are not controlled .
without external help , however , dilithiums are still able to re crystallize , although molecular levels are not controlled .
without the help of the outside , it is possible that dilithium is re crystallised even though the molecular level control has failed .
although control at molecular level has failed , it is possible to re crystallize dilithium without external help .
did you speak with a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you talk to a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you speak a word with a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you speak with a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you tell a lawyer for the defense or the judge ?
did you tell a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you speak with a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you tell a prosecutor or a judge ?
did you have a word with the prosecutor or the defense attorney ?
did you have a conversation with a prosecutor or a judge ?
it 's necessary to defeat the japanese daily .
he must be healthy for the day to day japs .
it is imperative that he be beaten daily by japanese .
i 'm sure he 'll be healthy if he beats the japanese every day .
he must be healthy enough to beat the japanese every day .
he 's healthy enough to beat the japanese every day .
the beating of japan 's daily must be enough for his health .
he 's sure he 'll be healthy if he beats the japanese daily .
the beating of japan 's daily must be maintained for his health .
he must have a beating every day for his health .
he will take the virginity and the ones who have broken their promise .
he will take the virginity to those who have broken their promise .
he will take the virgin and the ones who have broken their promise .
he will take the virgin and the ones who have broken their promise .
he will only take the virgins and the ones who have broken their promises .
then he will take the virginity and the ones who have broken their promise .
he will come for the virgin and the ones who have broken their promise .
and he will take those who have broken their oath .
he will take the virginity as well as those who have broken their promise .
i 'll take the virginity and the ones who broke my promise .
i 'm sure dolores did what she did for years .
i 'd say dolores did exactly the same thing for years .
i believe dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i have the impression that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i 'm sure dolores did what she did for years .
i have the impression that dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i would be more likely to believe that dolores did what she had done for years .
i believe dolores has done exactly the same for years .
i have the impression dolores has done exactly the same thing for years .
i guess dolores did exactly the same thing for years .
i 'll see you in 10 weeks .
let 's go for 10 weeks .
i 'll be with you in 10 weeks .
i 'll see you in 10 weeks .
i 've only got 10 weeks .
we 've got 10 weeks .
we 'll be done in 10 weeks .
we 've got 10 weeks left .
let 's wait 10 weeks .
i 've only got 10 weeks .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
i have tired of visiting you at night .
i was tired of visiting you at night .
i have been sick of your evening visits .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
i 've tired of visiting you at night .
i 'm sick of visiting you at night .
i was tired of visiting you at night .
i 'm sick of visiting you at night .
i was sick of visiting you at night .
there 's a cartuche tutankhamen called .
he 's calling cartuche tutankhamen .
there 's a guy named cartuche tutankhamen .
it 's called cartuche tutankhamen .
there 's going to be a cartuche tutankhamen .
he 's talking about a cartuche tutankhamen .
there 's a cartuche tutankhamen .
he 's got a name , cartuche tutankhamen .
it 's going to be called cartuche tutankhamen .
someone 's going to call cartuche tutankhamen .
there 's a presidential election going on .
there 's a presidential election going on in that room .
there 's an election in the presidential election today .
there 's voting in the presidential election today .
there 's a presidential election underway in the conference room .
there 's an election in the presidential election today .
he 's got a presidential election underway .
there 's been an election in the presidential election .
there 's an election in the presidential building .
there 's going to be an election for president in the conference room .
no one has taught you to speak ?
no one taught you .
no one has taught you how to speak ?
you did n't learn to talk to anyone .
you did n't learn anything about talking ?
no one taught you to speak ?
no one keeps teaching you how to speak ?
no one taught to speak ?
no one 's gon na teach you ?
no one is teaching you to speak ?
do you have a gun under the water ?
do you have a gun under the water ?
can you shoot the gun under the water ?
do you have a gun under the water ?
do you have guns under the water ?
do you have guns under the water ?
does he have a gun under the water ?
are you shoot under water ?
can you shoot the submarine ?
does the gun shoot under water ?
we do n't have a trace of the damn girl .
she does n't have a trace of the girl .
he 's not gon na trace the damn girl .
he does n't have a trace of the damn girl .
we do n't have a trace of the damn girl .
he 's not looking for the damn girl .
the girl ca n't trace anything .
we ca n't find the damn girl .
it 's not supposed to be the girl 's trail .
she does n't look after the damn girl .
you should have gotten back to the bull faster !
you should still be chasing the bull faster !
you must be able to return to the bull faster .
that must be done by returning to the bull faster .
you have to go back to the bull faster !
you should try to get back to the bull faster !
then you have to go back to the bull faster !
this bull must be restored even faster .
then you should have gotten back to the bull faster !
you should return the bull to the bull faster !
is n't that right ?
is n't that right ?
is n't that right , right ?
is n't that the truth ?
are you right ?
is n't that right ?
is n't that the case ?
are n't you right ?
is n't true ?
is n't it true ?
did you have to check grandma 's stables ?
did you check the box at grandma 's stables ?
did you check the box at grandma 's stables ?
did you check her in the stables at grandma 's ?
did you check the box on grandma 's stables ?
did you check the box at grandma 's stables ?
did you check the box to grandma 's stables ?
did you happen to check grandma 's stables ?
did you go to grandma 's stables ?
did you look at grandma 's stables ?
we did n't underestimate how hard it was to make a cover for the book .
we did n't expect it to be so difficult to make a cover for the book .
we did n't underestimate the difficulty of putting on the cover of the book .
we were wrong when we underestimated how difficult it was to cover the book .
we do n't know how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
we do n't underestimate how hard it is to make a cover for the book .
i 'm sure we underestimated how hard it was to make a cover for the book .
we did n't underestimate how difficult it was to cover the book .
we were wrong that it was difficult to pose for the cover of the book .
we did n't underestimate how hard it was to make a cover for the book .
we expect the boy to be dead after the terrorist attacks .
we believe the boy died in an attack on the terrorists .
we have a long way to go before the terrorist attacks .
i 'm sure he died in an attack .
we believe that the boy died in an attack on the terrorists .
it seems the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
we believe that the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
we believe the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
we have a theory that the boy died in an attack on a terrorist group .
we continue to believe that the boy died in an attack on the terrorists .
the woman who worked at the house next door was also .
another woman , who worked at the house next door , committed suicide .
the woman who worked at the house next door was murdered .
the wife of a maid who worked at the house committed suicide .
the woman at the adjacent house , who was the maid , killed herself .
the woman at the adjacent house , who was the maid , committed suicide .
another woman , who worked at the house next door , committed suicide as well .
and , who was working at the house next door , killed too .
the woman who worked at the house next door also committed suicide .
and one of the women who worked at the house was also killed .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take some shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
i 'll take some shots .
i 'll take a few shots .
the commission shall strengthen the protection of businesses in the light of the marketing fraud .
the commission contributes to the protection of businesses by introducing measures to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
the commission is required to protect businesses in order to protect them from fraudulent marketing .
the commission shall make it possible for the european commission to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
the european commission 's protection applies to businesses to protect themselves from fraudulent marketing .
the european commission shall strengthen the protection of businesses in the fight against fraudulent marketing .
the european commission aims to protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
the european commission shall strengthen its protection against fraud in the marketing sector .
the commission of europe 's central bank will protect businesses from fraudulent marketing .
the protection of businesses needs to be strengthened by the european commission in order to combat fraudulent marketing .
i think the north shaolin would have regarded the enemy as his patron .
i 'm sure the north shaolin would have regarded his enemies as his patron .
i think the north shaolin would have regarded the enemy as his patron .
i think the north shaolin considers its enemies to be its benefactor .
that 's how they would have regarded the north shaolin 's enemies as their patron .
so they would have thought of the north shaolin 's enemies as their patron .
i think the north shaolin sees its enemies as its patron .
so the north shaolin would have thought of his enemies as his patron .
i think the north shaolin considers its enemies to be its benefactor .
they have considered north shaolin 's enemies to be his patron .
would you like to know if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
do you want to know if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
do you have to know if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
is it possible to say if anyone was doing it deliberately ?
would it be possible to say if anyone had done it deliberately ?
would it be possible to say if anyone had done it deliberately ?
would it be possible to say if anyone had done it deliberately ?
do you know how to tell if someone was doing it deliberately ?
is it possible you can tell if someone was doing it deliberately ?
do you want to know if anyone was doing this deliberately ?
the view has changed only to look at your information .
the view appears to be changing only your information .
the view can be changed only by viewing your information .
the view is different from what your information looks like .
the view changes only a look at your information .
the view can only be changed by looking at your information .
the view has changed only in the way you look at the information .
the view is going to change just by looking at your information .
the view will change only a way of viewing your information .
the view changes that you look like information .
you do n't want to talk about this ?
you do n't want to talk about this ?
ca n't you start talking about this ?
ca n't you speak up ?
do n't you want to talk about this ?
you do n't talk about this anymore ?
why do n't you speak up ?
ca n't you talk about this right now ?
ca n't you talk about this at the moment ?
are n't you talking about ?
they 've always tried to make an hour of smoking .
he 's always done to smoke for hours .
they 're always smoking an hour .
they 're always smoking for hours .
they 've always smoked something for an hour .
they spend nearly an hour on smoking every day .
they 've always smoked for hours .
for an hour of smoking , it always does .
he 's always smoked for an hour .
that 's what he 's always smoking for an hour .
i 'm sure they 're not strong enough , sharon says .
'he wo n't be strong enough for them , charles , 'she said .
'he ca n't handle them , sharon , 'she said .
'i 'm not strong enough for them , 'sharon continued .
'they say he is n't strong enough , 'sharon continued .
'he was n't strong enough for them , 'said sharon , continuing to say .
they do n't think it 's enough for them , sharon says .
'he ca n't handle them well enough , 'sharon said .
'i think he wo n't be strong enough for them , 'said sharon .
you do n't have to be strong enough for them , sharon says .
but miranda thought only a moment ago .
but miranda still had no idea .
but miranda still had no idea at the moment .
even though miranda had no idea at the moment .
but miranda had no idea at the moment .
but at this point miranda had no idea .
only miranda had no idea .
but now miranda had no idea .
miranda could only have known at the moment .
but miranda had no such idea .
i 've grown up on my own .
i 've grown up by myself .
i grew up on my own !
i 'm on my own .
i 'm on my own .
i 'm on my own .
i grew up on my own !
and i 've grown up on my own .
i 'm on my own .
i grew up on my own !
business restructurings shall normally be carried out simultaneously .
a business restructuring will normally be carried out in parallel .
a restructuring of financial resources and a business restructuring shall be carried out at the same time .
financial restructurings and corporate restructurments shall be carried out in parallel .
the restructuring measures shall normally be carried out in parallel .
a business restructuring will be carried out in parallel .
financial restructurings and undertakings should be carried out in parallel .
a restructuring must normally be carried out in parallel .
business restructurings shall be normally carried out in parallel .
a restructuring of financial resources and restructuring of businesses shall normally be carried out simultaneously .
i 'd like girls in a ponytail .
i 'm most fond of girls in a ponytail .
i 've always liked girls in a ponytail .
i prefer girls in a ponytail .
i 'm fond of girls in a ponytail .
i 'm most fond of girls with a tail .
she 's favorite among the girls .
i love girls in a ponytail !
i 'm sure the girls have a ponytail .
she 's the favorite girl .
your face is full of beautiful roubles .
your face is filled with beautiful roubles .
her beauty is beautiful on her lips and cheeks .
your lips are filled with jewels that will be drawn from the beauty .
your beauty is playing with your lips and your cheeks !
your lips are full of diamonds that will be drawn by the beauty .
your lips appear to be drawn by some kind of beauty .
your mouth and your face is drawing some kind of beauty .
your lips are on the lips and cheeks of a beautiful woman .
your lips are full of diamonds , the beautiful ones make a splash on your cheeks .
it is important that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
among other things , it is possible to prevent a large number of diseases .
it is important to be able to prevent a large number of disease complications from sport .
as for more important things , it is possible to prevent a large number of diseases .
in the end , it is important to prevent a large number of diseases .
to the contrary , it is possible to prevent a large number of diseases .
it is important that sports can prevent a large number of diseases .
in addition to preventing disease , it is possible to prevent it from participating in sport .
in addition , it is possible to prevent a large number of diseases .
in addition , it is possible to prevent a large number of disease complications from sport .
these rules must provide the maximum possible flexibility .
the relevant legislation should provide the maximum possible flexibility .
the provision of the rules should provide for the maximum possible flexibility .
should be set up for the maximum possible flexibility .
the maximum of the flexibility provided by these rules should be ensured .
these rules need to provide the maximum possible flexibility .
must be adapted to the requirements of the maximum possible flexibility .
these legislative provisions should provide the maximum possible flexibility .
the provisions of these rules should be set out in the maximum possible flexibility .
the draft rules should provide the maximum possible flexibility .
you 're not afraid !
i 'm not afraid .
do n't be afraid !
you 're not afraid !
i 'm sure you 're scared .
i 'm not afraid .
you 're not afraid !
you 're not dying .
you 're scared !
i 'm not afraid .
i 'm sure what you 're saying is confusing .
i do n't understand what you 're talking about , 'said the prisoner .
i 'm confused by what you 're saying .
i 'm confused by what you 're saying .
i do n't find your talk so confusing , 'said the captive .
i do n't understand what you 're talking about , 'said the prisoner .
i do n't find it very confusing what you 're talking about .
i do n't understand the meaning of what you 're talking about .
i do n't understand the meaning of what you 're saying .
i do n't find what you 're talking about so confusing .
this ban is said to be lifted .
it will be annulled by this ban .
it is said to be lifted by the ban .
this ban promises to be lifted .
he was supposed to cancel the ban .
they want to cancel the ban .
he vowed to cancel the ban .
he promises to cancel the ban .
the ban was said to be lifted .
i 'm sure he 'll cancel the ban .
you do n't have to be hurt by any demonic force when you have the sword on your hip .
you wo n't be hurt by any demonic force when you have the sword on your hip .
you wo n't be able to hurt yourself when the blade is on your side .
you wo n't hurt any demonic forces when you have the sword on your hip .
you do n't have any demonic forces to hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
you wo n't hurt anyone with that blade on your hip .
i 'm sure the demonic force wo n't hurt you when you have the sword on your hip .
i wo n't be hurt by any demonic force if you have the sword on your hip .
you do n't get any harm from the demon power that 's on your side .
the sword wo n't hurt you when it 's on your hip .
tell him to leave dr lo alone .
leave him alone with dr .
tell him dr . lo will know what he 's doing !
tell him that dr . lo knows what he 's doing !
please let dr . lo be himself .
leave him with dr .
please leave dr . lo alone with the others .
make sure dr . lo does n't leave .
give him a break , grandma , he knows what he 's doing !
do n't leave dr lo alone he knows what he 's doing !
the big dog sat beside him .
he sat a large dog with a black wolf .
there was a large black wolf dog at his side .
a huge black wolf sat at his side .
a large dog of black wolf sat at his side .
a large dog seated beside him .
the big dog sat down beside him .
a large dog with a black wolf 's face .
the big dog sat close by him .
he sat beside the huge black wolf .
she and the beauty did n't impress me as much as the extraordinary loneliness she saw in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
she and her beauty did n't impress me as much as she was looking at me with an extraordinary sense of loneliness that had never been seen before .
she and her beauty did n't impress me as much as her eyes were filled with a strange loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
she and the beauty did n't impress me as much as the extraordinary loneliness she saw in her eyes , which no one had ever seen before .
her beauty did n't impress me , but she looked at me with a strange loneliness that no one had ever seen before .
not because of her beauty , but because of the extraordinary loneliness she saw in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
her beauty did n't impress me so much , but she also did not show me an extraordinary loneliness in her eyes that no one had ever seen before .
she , no beauty .
no beauty , eyes .
in my view , her better beauty was still in my eyes , which no one had ever seen before .
you have a responsibility for the safety of the customer .
you have a personal responsibility for the safety of the customer .
are you responsible for the safety of the customer ?
you 're the one responsible for the safety of the customer .
you have the responsibility of securing the security of the customer .
your duty is responsible for the safety of our customers .
your duty is the security of the customer .
are you responsible for the safety of the customer ?
do you have a responsibility for the safety of customers ?
do you assume that you have a responsibility for the safety of customers ?
he looked me in the eye and examined my brain .
he looked me in the eye , as if he were examining my brain .
he look in my eyes as if i 'd had a brain scan .
he looked in my eyes a little like a caressing of my brain .
he looked me in the eye and examined my brain .
he looked me straight in the eye and stroked my brain .
he looked me straight in the eye , like he was testing my brain .
he looked me in the eye and stroked my brain .
he looked me in the eye as a caressing of the brain .
he looked me in the eye and stroked my brain .
there were new artists at the beginning of the 1970s .
there were new artists who emerged at the start of the 1970 s .
there were new artists beginning in the 1970 s .
there are new artists at the beginning of the 1970s .
there have been several new artists since the beginning of the 1970 s .
there 's been a new artist since the beginning of the 1970 s .
there are new artists who have emerged since the end of the 1970 s .
they 've become a new artist since the beginning of the 1970 s .
there 's a new artist emerging at the beginning of the 1970s .
there 's a new artist who emerged at the beginning of the 1970s .
i 'm not better off for your apologies .
i 'm not sorry for your sake .
i 'm not feeling any better because of your apologies .
i 'm not better off because of your apologies .
i 'm not so sorry for your sake .
i 'm not sorry you 're not making me better .
i 'm not better off for your apologies .
for your sake , i 'm not better .
i 'm not going to be sorry for your sake .
i 'm not going to be sorry for your sake .
at the meeting 's end , sabin remained calm .
sabatini was calm throughout their meeting .
francesca sabatini 's meeting was calm .
francesca sabatini was calm throughout their meeting .
francis sabatini 's calm expression on her face was undisturbed .
francesca was calm throughout their meeting with no worries .
francesca sabatini was calm .
francesca sabatini was perfectly calm .
francesca was calm .
francesca sabatini was calm .
she was keen to kiss him for the first time .
i 'm sure she 'd like to kiss him first .
i was sure she 'd like to kiss him first .
she was keen to kiss him for the first time .
she really wanted to kiss him for the first time .
she wanted to kiss him for the first time .
she was most eager for him to kiss her for the first time .
she was very eager to kiss him for the first time .
she was very eager to kiss him for the first time .
she wanted really to kiss him for the first time .
wilson will give me a significantly reduced chance of sex .
our wilson will reduce the chances of having sex .
wilson will reduce my chances of having sex with you .
my sex chances will significantly reduce wilson .
wilson will significantly reduce my chances of getting laid .
wilson will significantly reduce me the chances of having sex .
our wilson will reduce my chances of having sex .
wilson will significantly reduce my chances of getting married .
our wilson will give me a significantly reduced chance of sex .
the wilson will give me a much lower chance to have sex .
she looked questioningly at langdon .
she looked him in the eye , surprised .
she exchanged her with langdon in surprise .
she exchanged a look at langdon .
she exchanged glances with langdon in surprise .
she looked at langdon in surprise .
he exchanged his eye with langdon .
she gave a surprised look at langdon .
she looked questioningly at langdon .
she looked questioningly at langdon .
did you hear him ?
did you hear him ?
did you hear that ?
have you heard him ?
did you hear anything ?
did you hear anything ?
did you hear that ?
did you hear that ?
did you hear that ?
did you hear that ?
everyone would have suspected her ex boyfriend when she was in trouble .
no one would have suspected an ex wife when the girl was in trouble .
everyone will always suspect an ex wife who has problems with the girl .
no one will suspect an ex wife in trouble .
everyone would probably have suspected her ex boyfriend when she was in trouble .
no one will suspect an ex wife who has problems with the girls .
everyone will suspect her ex boyfriend in a situation like this .
no one will suspect a former girlfriend when she 's in trouble .
a girl will always suspect her ex boyfriend .
everyone will suspect his ex wife when the girls are in trouble .
does grady agree to negotiate ?
did grady agree to negotiate ?
did grady agree to a negotiation ?
does grady agree negotiation ?
did grady agree to negotiate ?
did grady make a deal ?
did grady make negotiation ?
did grady agree on a negotiation ?
did grady make his negotiation ?
does grady have his approval ?
the estimates may be made by different stakeholders in considerable differences .
the estimates need to be assessed in different ways by different stakeholders .
the estimate of different stakeholders shall be carried out in considerable differences .
the estimates of different stakeholders can be significantly different .
different stakeholders estimates can be significantly different .
estimates may be made for different stakeholders in considerable differences .
different stakeholders tend to differ in estimates .
the different stakeholder estimates can be significantly different .
the estimates can significantly differ between different stakeholders .
estimates of different stakeholders can be made in considerable differences .
i 'm hard you 're not gon na love me .
you 're not gon na love me because i 'm hard .
you 're not gon na like me for being tough .
if i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me .
i 'm a tough guy , you 're not happy .
you 're not happy with me .
he 's not gon na like me because i 'm hard .
you 're not gon na love me for being hard .
you 're not going to like me because i 'm hard .
because i 'm tough , it 's not possible .
did they take the snack ?
did they steal the snack ?
did they take the snacks ?
did they get snack ?
did they take snacks ?
do you have a snack ?
did they steal snack ?
did they steal snacks ?
did they steal the snacks ?
did they steal the snacks ?
there are serious shortcomings in the security system .
there were serious failings in the security system .
it shows that there are serious failings in the security system .
this is where the security system shows serious shortcomings .
the evidence shows that there are serious failings in the security system .
there are clear indications that the security system is characterised by serious shortcomings .
this shows that there are serious failings in the security system .
as we can see , security systems are characterised by serious failings .
there is evidence that there is a significant lack of security systems .
there were clear indications that there were serious failings in the security system .
you know to whom doogie howser is ?
do you have any idea who doogie howser is ?
you know what doogie howser is ?
who 's the doogie howser ?
do you know the doppelganger of doogie howser ?
what about doogie howser do you know ?
you do n't know the name doogie howser ?
what do you know about doogie howser ?
who does doogie howser belong to ?
do you know the doppelganger of doogie howser ?
he 's got his stuff for 10 years ?
has he been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
did he get held for more than 10 years ?
has he kept his stuff for a decade ?
did he keep his stuff for 10 years ?
did he even keep his stuff for 10 years ?
did he keep his stuff for 10 years ?
he 's already had his stuff for 10 years ?
did he keep it for more than 10 years ?
and he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
there were several seconds before the enemy appeared .
there were enemies arriving in a few seconds .
there were enemies in a couple of seconds .
there were enemies within seconds .
there 's been an enemy in a couple of seconds .
there were enemies arriving in a few seconds .
in a few seconds , there were enemies in the area .
there was an enemy in a few seconds .
there 's an enemy arriving in a few seconds .
there were enemies in a few seconds .
i 'm so stupid ?
i 'm such a fool .
i 'm such a fool .
i 'm such a fool .
i 'm so stupid ?
i 'm such a fool .
are you fooling me ?
do i look so stupid ?
i 'm so stupid ?
am i being silly ?
i 'm sure it 's sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
it 's a little sad that your girlfriend gave up her life .
it 's sad to have a friend 's life .
it 's a little sad to have a friend , is n't it ?
it 's a little sad to have a friend 's life , right ?
it 's a little sad to have a friend like that , huh ?
it 's sad your girlfriend died .
it 's sad that your girlfriend died .
it 's like your girlfriend killed her life .
your girlfriend was sad .
are you crazy about pain ?
are you like pain or something ?
do you suffer from pain ?
are you in pain or something ?
are you suffering from pain ?
are you crazy ?
you like the pain .
so you 're crazy about pain ?
do you like it ?
do you feel bad about pain ?
insult is to take a bullet .
an insult means taking the bullet .
he wants to insult the germans by taking the bullet .
germans want to take the bullet .
you have to insult the germans to take the bullet .
an insulting german means taking the bullet .
an insult to the germans means taking the bullet .
the insult is meant to take a bullet .
insult of germany means taking bullets .
germany is supposed to take a bullet .
the success of this operation will be determined by a sniper rifle !
the success of this operation will determine a sniper 's gun .
the success of this operation is determined by a sniper rifle !
the success of this operation will depend on the sniper 's gun .
a successful operation can be achieved using a sniper rifle .
the operation can be done using a sniper rifle .
the success of our operation will be due to a sniper rifle .
the success of this operation depends on a sniper 's gun .
the success of this operation is due to a sniper rifle .
the success rate is determined by a sniper rifle !
anyone ca n't be producing nuclear weapons .
people ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
people ca n't be made up of nuclear weapons .
an individual ca n't be made up of nuclear weapons .
the people ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
an individual ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
people do n't produce nuclear weapons .
people do n't have to produce nuclear weapons .
anyone ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
people ca n't be able to produce nuclear weapons .
does his miracle ever end yet ?
the miracle will never end ?
is n't there a miracle ending ?
the miracle is not ending ?
has n't magic ended ?
does n't the miracle ever end ?
does the miracle ever end ?
does miracle ever end ?
does magic ever go away ?
wo n't the miracle be done ?
he 's got flecks on his helmet and his feet .
he 's got flecks on his helmet and his feet .
his feet are crushed by the flecks .
he 's hit by flecks on his helmet and his feet .
his feet fall on flecks on his helmet .
the flechtte has struck the helmet and the leg .
flecks hit him in the helmet and on his feet .
he 's hitting his helmet and his feet .
his foot is crushed by flecks on his helmet .
the flechtte is struck in the helmet and on its feet .
no , the next door is not four other villages .
four another is at the entrance to the village .
the village is also an access point for another four .
four nearest is the entrance to the village .
the next door is another four at the entrance to the village .
the next four is the entrance to the village .
moreover , the four villages have an entrance to the village .
the village has four one at the entrance to the village .
at 4 , the village has another .
the village has four more at the entrance to the village .
there is therefore an employer offering something similar to a pension scheme for defined benefit .
it is therefore a pension similar to defined benefit pensions that only a small part of the employer offers .
this type of pension , which is similar to defined benefit pensions , thus offers fewer employers an advantage .
, thus , a pension scheme similar to defined benefit pensions is being offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
the same type of pension as defined benefit thus offers an even smaller part of the employer .
this pension is therefore something of a pension scheme for a smaller part of the employer .
therefore , employers with a pension scheme like defined benefit schemes offer something like that .
the biggest part of the employer offers such pension schemes .
the same type of pension as defined benefit pensions offers an even smaller part of the employer .
the existing type of pension pension is thus offered to an even smaller part of the employer .
i have so far examined how many doses have been administered to animals .
it has therefore examined how many doses have been administered to animals .
that 's why she examined how many doses were given to animals .
it is necessary to examine how many doses have been administered in animal testing .
it was therefore examined to determine how many doses were given to animals .
it was therefore examined as to how many doses were given to animals .
it has therefore examined in what doses have been administered to animals .
it should therefore be examined how many doses have been administered to animals .
the examination was conducted to determine how many doses were given to animals .
it should be noted that the amount of doses administered during animal testing has also been assessed .
someone needs to be watching out for you .
someone should be behind your back .
someone should keep an eye on your back .
someone should watch your back !
someone should make sure you have someone behind your back .
someone must be looking behind your back .
someone should always be behind your back .
someone is gon na keep an eye on your back .
someone should always watch your back .
someone should also be watching you from behind .
ca n't we lock up ?
ca n't you turn off ?
could n't the lock be shut ?
could n't it go off ?
ca n't it go faster ?
could n't it be shut ?
could n't it be shut down ?
can you just lock up ?
are n't you shutting down ?
can you turn off ?
it 's easy to build the center .
it 's easy to build the center .
it 's so easy to build the center .
it 's easier to build centres .
it 's so easy to build the center .
it 's easy for us to build the center .
it 's easy to build the center .
it 's easier to build centres .
it 's as easy as building the center .
it 's easier to build centres .
in my opinion , if i do n't make silly mistakes , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's possible .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's better .
so if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , i 'll be fine .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's possible .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake , it 's going to work .
we 're kidding .
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
i 'm just kidding ?
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
i 'm just kidding , okay ?
are you kidding ?
you were kidding ?
you 're not kidding ?
are you joking ?
he smiled with a clear pleasure .
he seemed genuinely happy .
he showed his joy .
the boy was happy .
he smiled to the obvious pleasure .
his smile was on his face .
he smiled and showed a clear pleasure .
he smiled as he was pleased .
he smiled brightly and clearly pleased .
he smiled and showed a clear pleasure .
the face is peculiar with stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
his face is peculiar with stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
the face looks strange with long curved arches and stiff cheekbones .
he looks strange with stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
his face looks strange with long curved arches and stiff cheekbones .
the appearance of stiff arches and stiff cheekbones is peculiar to him .
he looks strange with stiff arches and stiff cheekbones .
the appearance of stiff arches and stiff cheekbones seems peculiar .
his face looks strangely peculiar with stiff arches .
the appearance of stiff arches and stiff cheekbones is peculiar in his face .
what 's hard with tea ?
what about the tea ?
what 's so hard about tea ?
what 's so hard about making tea ?
what kind of trouble making tea ?
how do you like tea ?
how does tea get so difficult ?
what about the tea ?
what 's so hard about making tea ?
how hard does the tea go ?
does n't it sound like a soldier 's tongue sounded perfectly natural bean ?
is n't the soldier 's word perfectly natural ?
is n't it a little natural to hear soldier slang coming out of his mouth ?
does the word of soldiers coming out of his mouth really sound ?
'does n't that sound like a soldier 's word coming out of his mouth ? 'asked bean .
do you think a soldier 's slang comes out of his mouth ? bean asked .
oh my god , is it natural to speak soldier slang ? bean wondered .
is there a natural language in his mouth ? bean asked .
well , does the soldier word sound quite natural to him ?
is n't there a military slang that sounds perfectly natural ? bean asked .
as long as you do n't wait until half the way through , you go to 30 minutes .
instead of waiting for half an hour , you 'd rather wait , and would kill her off when she was 30 minutes away .
instead of waiting for half an hour , you do n't have to kill her before 30 minutes .
as long as you do n't wait until halfway through , you 'll only have 30 minutes .
if you 're going to wait , do it before half , you should n't cut it off .
instead of waiting until half the way through , you should have killed her in half an hour .
instead of you have to wait until half the way through , we have to kill her right away .
as long as you do n't wait until half the way through , you should n't be able to kill her .
you do n't have to wait for half an hour , but if you do , you 'll probably die within 30 minutes .
and instead of just waiting for half an hour , he should die within 30 minutes .
he 's got two strides on his bike .
he 's got two strides on his bike .
he 's got on his bike in two strides .
he was taken by two steps to the bike .
he 's got a motorcycle in two strides .
he 's taking two steps to the bike .
he 's moving in two steps to the bike .
he 's got a motorcycle in two strides .
he put her on his bike in two strides .
he 's taking two steps to the bike .
calm and it was clear that francesca sabatini had behaved as expected throughout the meeting .
she and francesca sabatini were calm and seemingly calm throughout their meeting .
she was both calm and anxious .
and calmly and seemingly without fear , as well as francesca sabatini .
calmly and seemingly clueless .
she was still calm and seemingly unperturbed by the events of francesca sabatini .
calm and seemingly clueless .
she was calm and seemingly calm , as she was all the time with francesca sabin .
and all the while she was calm and seemingly unflabbergasted .
she was both calm and seemingly calm .
they were lunchtime with tyler .
they were at tyler 's for lunch shortly after noon .
they went away with tyler to lunch .
they went quickly to tyler 's lunch .
they were together at tyler 's lunch .
they went to tyler 's for lunch in an hour .
they went out with tyler for an early lunch .
they went out to lunch with tyler .
they went to tyler 's place quickly for lunch .
they were already at tyler 's for lunch .
we 're going to the bags and the animals .
we 're going to put the bags and the animals together .
we 're taking the bags and the animals .
we 're with bags and animals .
we 're going together with bags and animals .
we have to pack the bags and the animals .
we 're supposed to have these bags and the animals .
we 're gathered with bags and animals .
we go to the bags and the animals .
we gather the luggage .
it 's worth taking the risk !
it was good to risk it .
he deserves to take risks .
they were worth risking .
that 's worth taking the risk .
it 's worth taking the risk !
the risk has to be taken .
that 's worth the risk .
that was good to risk .
he was worth risking his life .
each system is designed to achieve certain objectives in a very efficient way .
each system is highly effective in achieving certain objectives .
each system is effective in achieving certain objectives .
each system is designed very efficiently for the achievement of certain objectives .
each system is highly efficient to the achievement of certain objectives .
each system is highly designed for the purpose of achieving certain objectives .
each system is effective in the achievement of certain objectives .
each system is very effective in achieving certain objectives .
each system is effective to achieve certain objectives .
each system is effective enough to achieve certain objectives .
the greatest predator of the planet .
the greatest predator of our species .
the biggest carnivorous fish on the planet !
the biggest predator we have on the planet ?
biggest predator of the fish on the planet !
the greatest predator of the planet .
the greatest predator of our species .
the biggest predator in the world .
the greatest predator of fish .
i 'm the biggest predator fish in the world .
there 's laundry hanging out of the window , and the kids playing with the ball .
people hang on the windows and play football .
there 's laundry hanging out of the window , the kids play football .
the laundry from the window is hanging , and the kids play football .
the windows hang with lingerie and children play football .
the laundry is hanging out of the window , the football players played .
clothes are hanging out the window , the kids play football , and is hanging out of the window .
the laundry and the kids are running for the ball .
clothes hung from the windows , children playing football .
clothes from the window and the kids who play football .
he was killed by an animal before the audience .
an animal was killed before his eyes .
the animal killed himself before the audience .
an animal was killed before his eyes .
there was an animal murder before the audience .
the audience had seen the slaughter of the animals .
the audience killed him !
an animal died before his eyes .
an animal killed before his eyes .
he 's killed an animal before the audience .
is this the wife of another alex ?
was the other alexian woman ?
is this the other alexina 's wife ?
any of the other alex 's women ?
is this the wife of another alex ?
is this the other alex 's wife ?
did some of alex 's women are women ?
were they from another alex ?
is this from another alexian woman ?
is this the other alex 's wife ?
in order to make an accurate assessment of europe 's countries , it is also possible to make a distinction between them .
although the comparison of europe 's countries is less obvious , it is less clear .
in order to make a clearer comparison of europe 's countries , it is possible to find an answer less obvious .
in the comparison of europe 's countries , it is less likely to be the answer .
in order to make an accurate comparison of europe 's countries , it is possible to make a less obvious difference .
but it is less obvious to compare the responses of europe 's member states .
in other words , it is difficult to make clear the answer to the comparison of europe 's countries .
to compare the responses of europe 's member states , it is difficult to make clear .
as for the comparison of europe 's member states , it is possible to make a less clear answer .
when we compare europe 's countries to each other , it is difficult to make clear .
the fishermen on the coast see a couple of octopus that have a length of more than three feet .
the fishermen of our area see a couple of octopus that have a length of more than two metres .
the fishermen see a couple of octopus that are more than two metres long .
all the fishermen see a couple of octopus that have a length of more than five feet .
some of the fishermen see a couple of octopus that have a length of more than three feet .
a lot of fishermen see octopus that have a length of more than five feet .
the fishermen see a couple of octopus that are more than two metres long .
the local fishermen see a couple of octopus that are more than two metres long .
the two fishermen see a couple of octopus at least five feet long when they see them .
the fishermen , too , have seen a couple of octopus over five feet .
maybe they could have gone home , maybe they came back .
i 'm sure they were n't home .
maybe they would n't be able to go home .
and maybe they could n't go .
maybe they could n't have gotten home .
maybe they could n't .
maybe they could n't even go home .
maybe they could n't go .
they could n't have gotten back , tatiana !
maybe they could n't go back .
this is what the territory of a taiwanese gang is .
i 'm sure it 's the territory of a taiwanese gang .
this is where the taiwanese gang is .
i 'm talking about the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i want to know the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i 'll tell you , the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i 'm talking about the territory of a taiwanese gang .
i mean the territory of a taiwanese gang .
it 's the territory of a taiwanese gang .
it 's a territory for a taiwanese gang .
he was soothing to wild animals .
the man calmed them with wild animals .
the animal calmed him .
a wild animal calmed him .
he was reassured by wild animals .
the animal was calm with him .
the animal had calmed him down .
the animal tended to calm him down .
he calmed the wild animal in his arms .
the animal was calmed by its tranquilizer .
she was happy with the ride , even when she fell asleep on the bed .
it was exhilarating for her when she got out of the car , but she fell asleep again .
the ride gave her a sense of exhilaration , but then she fell asleep again , and completely exhausted .
she was happy with the ride , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride gave her a sense of exhilaration , but tired of it she returned to bed .
she was glad she was on her way , even as she fell asleep on the bed .
i was glad she was on her way , even though she fell asleep on the bed .
the ride gave her a sense of exhilaration , but next she fell asleep on the bed .
she was happy the whole ride , even when she fell asleep on the bed .
it was exhilarating though she fell asleep on the bed .
general if you do n't agree with the withdrawal from gossanahu ?
general disagree with the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
so you do n't object to pulling out of gossanah ?
any objections about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
any objection as to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
is there any objection to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
a general opinion on the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
if anyone objected to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
any objections about the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
any objection to the withdrawal of gossanahu ?
bring the chair .
you have to get these chairs .
get the chair over here .
give me the chair .
please have the chair .
okay , bring the chairs over here .
please come with the chairs .
get them over here .
get chair over here .
okay , bring the chairs over here .
do you smell the burned ?
does it smell burnt ?
do you smell the burn ?
do you smell the burned ?
is it hot ?
is there a burn ?
is it hot ?
are you on fire ?
does n't that smell burned ?
do you smell burning ?
i 'm sure you wo n't want this .
you 're not gon na want this ?
i 'm gon na beg you ?
i 'm begging you , and you 're not gon na want this ?
i 'm sure you wo n't want this .
i 'm not gon na beg you ?
i beg you not to want this ?
you 're gon na beg me ?
i 'll beg you not to .
you 're not gon na want this ?
'how do they die ? 'panagyn asked .
'is n't he going to die ? 'panagyn asked .
'how did they die ? 'asked panagyn .
'when will they die ? 'panagyn asked .
'i 'm sure , 'panagyn asked .
so they die people ? 'asked panagyn in astonishment .
'i thought they were going to die ? 'panagyn asked .
'and they 're gon na die ? 'panagyn asked .
did they die ? '' panagyn asked .
'witness 's death ? 'she asked .
it 's gon na kill my movie !
it 's supposed to be my movie .
it 's my film .
that 's what you want to kill my film .
do n't kill my film .
this is going to kill my film .
you 're gon na ruin my film !
you 'll kill me the film .
he 's ruining my film .
that 's how you kill my film .
he 's got more than 10 years of his stuff ?
he 's got his stuff for 10 years ?
he must have kept his stuff for 10 years ?
and he 's been holding his stuff for 10 years ?
and he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
he 's got more than 10 years of his stuff ?
so he 's kept his stuff for 10 years ?
he 's got to keep his stuff for 10 years ?
has he kept his stuff for 10 years ?
he 's been in his stuff for 10 years ?
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
unable to allocate memory to a real buffer of images .
memory allocation could not be allocated to a real buffer of images .
the memory allocation could not be allocated to a real buffer of images .
a real memory buffer could not be allocated .
a real buffer can not be allocated to memory .
available memory could not be allocated to a real buffer of images .
a fixed memory allocation could not be allocated to a real buffer of images .
$ allocated memory to a real buffer of images in context .
real memory buffer could not be allocated .
i 'm sure we 'll be grateful .
we 're taking it .
let 's appreciate it .
we 're going to be grateful .
we would be grateful .
we 're looking forward to it .
we would be grateful .
i 'm very grateful .
we 're being very grateful .
i 'd be grateful .
no one deserves it .
no one deserves death !
no one deserves a death .
no one deserved it !
no one deserves to die .
no one deserved a death !
no one deserves martyrs .
no one deserves to death !
no one deserved death !
no one deserves their death !
i 'll have it in the contract .
that 's what i have in my contract !
i need it in my contract !
i 'm sure it 's in my contract !
i have a contract with that .
that 's my contract !
i have to have it in the contract !
i have a contract to give it to .
i have it in my contract !
i have it in my contract !
would you like to visit or stay awhile ?
did you come to visit or stay awhile ?
do you want to visit or stay for a while ?
will you visit us or stay ?
did you come to visit or stay awhile ?
do you want to visit or stay for a while ?
will you just come to visit or stay awhile ?
will you be here for a visit or a while ?
will you visit us once or not ?
you 'll only visit or stay a minute .
it 's pretty scary .
it worries me .
it 's pretty scary for me .
it 's scary for me .
it 's a great fear .
it 's scary for me .
it makes me pretty worried .
it 's really scary .
it 's very worrying for me .
it worries me .
it 's a hatred .
it 's hatred !
it 's a second hatred .
there 's a hatred .
it 's just hatred .
it 's hatred !
there 's a second hatred .
it 's about hatred .
it 's second hatred .
it 's going to be hatred .
he 's taken my baby !
he 's taking my baby !
he 's got my baby !
he 's got my baby !
he 's trying to kidnap my baby !
he 's talking about my baby !
he 's taken to my daughter .
my daughter was kidnapped .
my boy kidnapped me .
my boy was abducted .
are you there ?
do you have anyone ?
are there people ?
are you all out ?
do you have anyone ?
are you see ?
are you all right ?
are there any people ?
are you all right ?
is anyone there ?
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
i 'll see you in the store tomorrow .
we 're going for a couple of shots .
we 're taking pictures .
we 're taking pictures .
we 're going to take a picture .
we 're going out for shots .
we 're for shots .
we 're supposed to shoot .
we 're taking picture .
we 're supposed to take a picture .
we 're going get some shots .
are you at the veterans ' hospital ?
are you at the veterans ' hospital ?
is it a hospital ?
is that a veterans hospital ?
do we have a veterans hospital ?
is it an old hospital ?
is it a veterans hospital ?
is that a veterans hospital ?
is it really a hospital ?
is it at the veterans ' hospital ?
let me see where you 're sitting .
let me see where you sit .
i have to show you where to sit !
so let me see where you 're sitting .
come on , let me see where you sit .
you 're sitting in my seat .
you 're going to sit down .
i want you to sit down !
i 'll show you where to sit . . .
let me just show you where to sit .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
i 'm not interested in the little attacks of my son .
i 'm sure my son wo n't be hurt .
i 'm not worried about my son 's rash attacks .
i 'm not interested in the little attacks of my son .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks ?
i 'm not so worried about my son 's little attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's little attacks .
it is necessary to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
it is necessary to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
it is necessary to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
i 'd like to ask your veterinarian for advice on how to dispose of non essential medicines .
it is important that you consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
it is a need to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
i are sure you need to consult your veterinarian about possible disposal of non essential medicines .
you need to consult your veterinarian about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
it is appropriate that your veterinarian should be consulted about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
the veterinarian needs to be consulted about how to dispose of non essential medicines .
you were supposed to play 10 years in football .
you 've got to play 10 years .
you were supposed to play 10 years .
you 're playing in a decade .
you 've played football for a decade !
you 've been in football for a decade .
you played football for a decade !
you 're playing 10 years of football !
you played football for a decade !
you were playing in a decade .
it 's only three or four .
but it 's only three people , which is a good practice .
it 's only three people .
but it 's going to be a good practice for three people .
it 's only three people so far .
it 's only three people .
but it 's only three people .
it 's only three people working with them .
there 's only three of them so it 's a good practice .
it 's going to be a good practice for three people .
it ca n't be .
it wo n't be possible .
it ca n't be that way .
it ca n't .
it ca n't be .
it ca n't be done .
it ca n't be here .
i ca n't be able to .
but it ca n't be .
it ca n't happen to me .
i 'll tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
you tell what noga is physically and mentally .
we tell him about his physical and psychological condition .
we tell the doctor about his physical and psychological condition .
you have to tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
we tell him how noga is physically and mentally .
we 'll tell him about his physical and psychological condition .
i 'm sure he knows how noga is physically and mentally .
i 'll tell him what noga 's physical condition is .
tell him about his physical and psychological condition .
is it his nose ?
he sniffed his nose .
is that his nose ?
was it his nose ?
he sniffed the nose .
does he have his nose ?
did he show her his nose ?
was it his nose ?
did she sniffed her nose ?
it 's his nose .
we 're almost ready .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost ready .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost there .
we 're almost there .
i 'm almost there .
i 'm sure there were no technical glitches .
i 've never seen such technical glitches .
i do n't think there were any technical glitches .
we have not experienced many technical glitches .
we have never experienced such technical glitches .
we have experienced no technical glitches .
we are not subject to technical glitches .
we 're not technical .
we have not yet experienced many technical glitches .
i 've never seen such technical glitches .
your hands are warm .
your hand is warm .
your hands are warm .
your hands are warm .
your hands are trembling .
your hand is hot . . .
the hands are warm .
your hands are so hot !
your hands are warmed .
your hands are hot !
the description of this job is about the work of a janitor .
this job is similar to that of a janitor .
the description of this job is similar to that of a janitor .
the description of this job is the same as that of a janitor .
this place has a description of what it looks like as a janitor .
this is what the job looks like for a janitor .
this job looks like this for a janitor .
they have an overview of the work that looks like this to the janitor .
the job appears to be described as such by a janitor .
it looks similar to a job for a janitor .
he told me they were at the border with lu .
he says he 's at the border with lu .
there 's a border near the lu .
according to him , are they near the border with lu ?
he said it was close to the border with lu .
they must have been somewhere near the border with lu .
he told me that they were at the border with lu .
he also says it 's close to the border with lu .
they tell us they are close to the border with lu .
they say they are at the border with lu .
they do n't ban alcohol or cigarettes .
do you have any alcohol or cigarettes banned ?
it 's not like alcohol and cigarettes .
cigarettes and alcohol are not allowed .
are you banish alcohol and cigarettes ?
you ca n't ban alcohol or cigarettes .
alcohol and tobacco do n't apply .
does alcohol and cigarettes not count ?
you ban the cigarettes .
no cigarettes or drinks ?
the woman called me .
some weird woman called me .
some weird woman called me this morning .
weird woman called me .
one weird woman called me .
some woman called me a weird name .
the woman called me for something weird .
some weird woman called me from the phone .
the woman was calling me weird .
the woman called me a weird name .
you 'll be killed .
you 'll be able to kill us !
i 'm sure you 'll kill us !
you 'll kill us !
charlie will be killed .
you 'll just be killed .
you wo n't be killing us .
you 'll want to kill us !
you want to kill us !
or you 'll kill us !
did they kill the family ?
did they kill her ?
did they kill her family ?
did they kill family ?
did they kill family ?
did they kill her a family ?
did they kill her ?
did they kill her family ?
did they murdered the family ?
did they kill her family ?
the others looked hostile .
his friends looked hostile .
his friends looked very hostile .
his friends began to look at him in an ugly hostile eye .
the others turned to look at him in an ugly hostile eye .
but his friends looked ugly and hostile .
his friends looked hostile to him .
the others looked a little hostile .
the others looked very hostile .
his friends looked hostile in his eyes .
do you want to go to dinner ?
would you like to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ?
shall we go for dinner ?
did you want to go to dinner ?
do you want to go to dinner ?
do n't you want to go to dinner ?
shall we go to dinner ?
tell me how happy i was to be surprised .
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
you have to imagine how happy i was and how surprised i was .
can you imagine how happy i was to be surprised ?
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
imagine how happy it was for me , and other surprises , what are they ?
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
are you any surprise and how happy i was ?
imagine how happy i was to be . . .
imagine how happy it was for me to be surprised .
he 's throwing money like sheik oman .
he 's got his money as sheik oman .
he throws money like sheik oman .
he 's got his money as sheik oman .
he 's throwing money like sheik oman .
he throws money like sheik oman .
he throws the money as sheik oman .
he 's waving money like sheikh oman .
he 's throwing his money like sheik oman .
he 's still throwing money like sheik oman .
this is weird !
this is really weird .
it 's weird !
it 's really weird !
this is fun .
the joke is weird .
it 's a strange feeling .
it 's a joke .
it 's weird . . .
this is weird !
it 's going to be fun and fun .
they 're gon na be fun .
it 's fun and entertainment !
and laugh and funny . . .
it 's going to be fun and fun .
they 're making fun and fun .
he 's looking for laughs and fun .
this is going to be fun and laughter .
it 's going to be fun and fun .
it 's funny and fun .
it is possible to schedule it between 4 and 6 weeks .
i 'll see you in 4 or 6 weeks .
it 's possible in 4 or 6 weeks .
it is possible to schedule it between 4 and 6 weeks .
you can do it every 4 or 6 weeks .
it takes you anywhere between 4 and 6 weeks .
it 's usually in 4 or 6 weeks .
you can set up an appointment in 4 or 6 weeks .
you can do it in 4 or 6 weeks .
i 'll see you in 4 or 6 weeks .
what do you mean ?
what are you saying ?
what 's going on ?
what does he say ?
what do you say . . .
what 's so important ?
what are you ?
what 's going on ?
what are you saying to me ?
what 's he saying ?
that 's what you 're supposed to be !
it 's supposed to be you !
you 're doing this .
this is going to be .
this is you .
it 's going to be .
you 're gon na love this .
it 's a dream .
you 're going to .
that 's your style .
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you happen to meet linda bloom ?
did you happen to meet linda bloom ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on that picnic ?
did you see linda bloom on that picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom on a picnic ?
did you meet linda bloom for a picnic ?
did you see linda bloom on that picnic ?
they did n't invite d'hoffyn !
no one had invited d'hoffyn .
they had no invitation .
i did n't invite d'hoffyn !
he does n't have an invitation .
i did n't invite d'hoffyn !
they had no invitation for d'hoffyn .
i had no invitation .
has n't called to invite d'hoffyn ?
i 'm not invited .
did you change the course ?
did you change the course ?
did you change course ?
did the course change ?
has the course changed ?
do you have a change ?
do we have a change of course ?
did you change your course ?
would you change the course ?
did the course change ?
i 'm sure those tests are the cause of her kidnapping .
maybe her kidnapping will be the result of those tests .
maybe the test will be the cause of her kidnapping .
her kidnapping may have been the result of those tests .
maybe her kidnapping may have been caused by those tests .
maybe the test will be the cause of her kidnapping .
maybe the test may have been the cause of her kidnapping .
maybe it was her kidnapping .
and maybe her kidnapping will be the result of those tests .
maybe the test will result in her kidnapping .
we have to escape the disaster !
boss , get out of here !
bosses , get the hell out of here !
boss , get out of here !
get out of the mess !
boss , we have to escape this catastrophe !
get the hell out of here !
boss , go to the disaster !
boss , get the hell out of here !
boss , get rid of the disaster .
there 's a theater below the street .
there 's a theater below the street .
he 's got a theatre below the street .
there 's a theater below the street .
he 's got my theater under the street .
there 's below the street level of the theater .
there 's a theater below the street .
there 's a theater below the street .
it 's under the street level of the theater .
there 's a theater below the street .
it 's great .
that 's great !
it 's not cool .
it 's so cool .
that 's really cool !
what 's so cool ?
that 's not cool !
and that 's great .
what 's so cool ?
oh , that 's great .
you 're not eating ?
you 're not eating with us ?
so you 're not eating ?
you 're not at dinner ?
and you 're not eating ?
it 's not eating ?
i 'm not gon na eat ?
you 're not eating ?
and you 're not eating ?
you 're not eating anything ?
you have a strange idea .
it was a funny idea .
your ideas are weird .
you have strange thoughts .
it 's a funny idea .
your idea seems funny .
the idea seems funny .
your head is a funny idea .
it was weird ideas .
the ideas are funny !
i 'm sure you find it weird .
is n't that a little weird ?
is n't that weird ?
are n't you weird about that ?
are you sure this is weird ?
is n't it strange to you ?
is n't that weird ?
is n't it weird ?
does n't that seem weird ?
you do n't think that 's weird ?
you want him to say he 's being helped ?
you want to tell me someone helped him ?
you mean he 's being helped ?
did they want to help him ?
you want me to say someone helped him ?
do you mean anyone 's helping him ?
someone has to help him ?
do you mean he 's being helped ?
you mean someone else helped him ?
you said someone helped him .
he does n't have any luck .
it 's not lucky !
you do n't have any luck .
it 's not lucky !
he does n't have to be lucky .
we did n't have any luck .
it 's not any luck .
it 's not luck .
you ca n't have any luck .
it was n't luck .
as she summoned the gryf , she put her strong hands on his shoulders and commanded him with a clear command .
with the summon of the gryf , she mounted his strong back and commanded him with a firm command .
when she summoned the gryf , she took a strong arm and began to command him firmly .
when she summoned the gryf , she clambered up to him and commanded him with a firm command .
when she summoned the gryf , she took him on a strong back and commanded him with a firm command .
she summoned the gryf and commanded him with a strong voice and a firm command .
as she summoned the gryf , she clung to him and commanded him with a firm command .
she clambered onto his strong back and commanded him with an uncompromising command .
when she called on the gryf , she climbed into his strong back and commanded him firmly .
then she summoned the gryf and commanded him with a firm command .
a tall wall sprouts with grass .
a tall wall is covered with grass .
the walls grow with grass .
the grass has grown on the cobbled wall .
the grass grows on a cobbled wall .
the wall is bent over the growing grass .
a tall wall grew over the grass .
the wall is bent over the growing grass .
the grass is grown on a cobbled wall .
the grass on the wall has grown to its height .
i have to get a cup of coffee .
i have a cup of coffee too .
i 'll have a cup of coffee .
i have to go get some coffee .
i have to go get a cup of coffee .
i have to get a cup of coffee .
i have a cup of coffee too .
i have to go get a cup of coffee .
i have to go get a cup of coffee .
you have to go get some coffee .
should be taken into account by all the commitments adopted under this chapter .
all commitments of the nature of this chapter should be considered in this revision .
these changes should take account of all commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should also take account of the commitments adopted under this chapter .
this revision should also take account of the commitments adopted under this chapter .
this revision should also take into account the commitments adopted under this chapter .
these changes should also be taken into account by all commitments adopted under this chapter .
this revision should also be taken into account by all commitments adopted under this chapter .
this revision also should take account of the commitments adopted under this chapter .
each commitment under this chapter should be taken into account in these revisions .
a little aggressive as a sign , do n't you think ?
an aggressive message , do n't you think ?
is n't that an awfully aggressive message ?
is n't that an awfully aggressive message ?
is n't that a pretty aggressive tone of words ?
it 's an aggressive message , right ?
it 's quite an aggressive message , is n't it ?
it 's quite aggressive , is n't it ?
it 's an awfully aggressive message .
it 's quite an aggressive message , right ?
the marriage can be approached in a clever way .
we have a smart way of getting married .
you can be approached by marriage in a smart way .
marriage can be approached in a clever way .
the marriage is in a smart way .
the marriage is possible in a clever way .
you have to be smart about getting married .
a smart marriage can be approached .
the marriage can be intelligent .
you can also be approached by marriage in a smart way .
i hear you 've upgraded !
you 've got a new one .
you 're talking about an upgraded version .
you 're upgrading yourself .
you 're going to upgrade .
you upgraded the machine !
i heard you upgraded !
they 've upgraded you !
you said to get upgraded !
i said you were upgraded .
you 're burning with your fart !
you 're burning yourself when you light up your fart !
you 're gon na burn yourself when you light up your fart .
you were burning to death when you farted .
you burned the candle with your fart !
you 've burned yourself to death when you farted !
you 've burned to death when you farted !
you 're burning yourself in the light of your fart !
left his own death in the lighting of his fart .
you burned yourself when you farted !
that 's where they built the water network .
this building has been built on an existing network of water and power lines .
the building was built on an existing network of water and power lines .
it has been built on an existing network of water and power lines .
this has been built on an existing network of water and power lines .
he was built on an existing network of water and power lines .
this building is built on an existing network of water and power lines .
this building is believed to have been built on existing water and sewer networks .
the building was built on an existing network of water and power lines .
this building has taken place over existing water and sewer networks .
they had a gun !
they had both guns .
they have to carry the gun .
they have a gun !
they had gun .
they had both carry .
they were both armed .
he has a gun .
each man had a gun .
they seemed to have a gun .
that 's where the damage to the wreck is also listed .
it is clear that the damage to the wreck is also listed .
i 'm sure there 's a list of damage related to the removal of the wreck .
it is expressly that the damage is related to the removal of the wreckage .
on the contrary , it is expressly listed as compensation for the removal of the wreckage .
it is also marked by damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
the report is also a list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
it is also a list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
this is also a list of damage related to the removal of the wreckage .
it states that the damage to the wreck is also detailed .
it sounds very sad .
it sounds sad !
it sounds sad to her .
it sounds sad at the same time .
it sounds very sad to her .
it 's a sad cry .
it 's so sad .
it 's sad to scream like that .
it 's sad to scream like that .
it makes him sad .
he has a good taste .
the taste is good .
he had a good taste .
he has a taste .
he had a taste .
you have a good taste .
what kind of taste he has .
what a good taste !
he has a very good taste .
he 's very good .
your wife would be happy to know .
your wife would certainly be grateful .
your wife would appreciate that very much .
your wife would appreciate that .
the woman should be proud of you .
your wife is grateful .
your wife would have appreciated that .
then your wife will be happy to hear it .
your wife needs to appreciate it .
your wife appreciates it !
the messenger sent you an envelope full of money .
the messenger sent you with a cash envelope .
the messenger gave you a cheque for the cash .
what about the messenger delivering the cash package ?
and why did someone send an envelope with cash ?
so your messenger just sent you an envelope full of money .
did your messenger send you out with a cheque for money ?
your messenger send you a cheque for cash .
what did your messenger deliver the cash envelope for ?
the messenger sent you right in the envelope with the cash .
i 'm not going ?
i 'm not going ?
you 're not going ?
so you 're not going ?
you want to go ?
i 'm sure you 'll come too ?
and you 're not going ?
you 're not go ?
and you 're not going ?
and you 're not going ?
i 'm afraid he 's trapped in bed .
i do n't like being stuck in bed .
i do n't like being stuck in a bed .
i do n't like the idea of being stuck in bed .
i do n't like it when i 'm stuck in bed .
i do n't like the bed .
i do n't like when i 'm stuck in bed .
i 'm sick of being stuck in bed .
i 'm not happy about being stuck in bed .
i 'm not happy about being stuck in bed .
should n't a reward be paid ?
would it be an appropriate reward ?
is there no adequate compensation ?
is n't it appropriate to compensate ?
would it be any consolation ?
is there no adequate amount of compensation ?
is there anything appropriate for compensation ?
should n't demand any compensation ?
do you want any compensation ?
is n't it a good thing to pay compensation ?
this son of a bitch should kick his ass .
he 's got to kick his ass .
son of a bitch should kick his ass .
this son of a bitch would have kicked him in the ass .
this son of a bitch would be able to kick his ass .
this son of a bitch is gon na kick his ass .
i 'd kick that son of a bitch 's ass .
this son of a bitch should probably kick his ass .
this bastard is supposed to kick his ass !
he 's gon na kick his ass .
the report was filed by one woman in woodburne about her husband 's disappearance .
the report was filed by a woman in woodburne about her husband 's disappearance .
a report on the disappearance of a woman from woodburne came from her husband 's address .
a report on the disappearance of a woman in woodburne was filed with her husband .
his wife was reported missing from woodburne .
the woman reported on the disappearance of her husband .
a report on the disappearance of a man from woodburne has come from his husband .
the woman was reporting on the disappearance of her husband .
according to reports , the woman reported the disappearance of her husband from woodburne .
the missing person has filed with the woodburne woman 's husband 's disappearance .
retreat wo n't be won .
the retreat wo n't be won .
retreat is n't winning .
he wo n't be winning the retreat .
the retreat is not winning .
retreat is n't winning the battle .
retreats wo n't be won .
retreats are n't winning !
retreat is n't winning in a fight .
retreat is not won .
you act very territorial !
you seem to have acted very territorially .
you act quite territorial .
you 've obviously tried to be very territorial .
you seem very territorial in this case .
you 've obviously acted on a very territorial level .
you seem here to be very territorial .
you act strangely at the border .
you act strangely territorial .
looks like you acted very territorially .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
that was what happened when nixon broke into the hotel room .
that 's what happened when nixon broke into the hotel room .
that was how he broke into the hotel room .
that 's how he broke into the hotel room .
the burglary was how nixon got into the hotel room .
breaking into the hotel room was what happened to nixon .
if you break into the hotel room , it was what happened to nixon .
it was how he broke into the hotel room .
the burglary was what led nixon to the hotel room .
that 's what happened when nixon broke into the hotel room .
it 's an autopsy report ?
are you reading an autopsy report ?
it 's an autopsy ?
is it an autopsy ?
it 's an autopsy report ?
it 's a post mortem report ?
is it an autopsy report ?
do you have an autopsy report ?
is it an autopsy report ?
is this an autopsy report ?
nael 's going to die .
nael 's got to die .
nael 's not going to die .
nael 's likely to die .
nael 's got to die .
nael 's already threatening to die .
nael 's too dangerous .
nael 's close to death .
nael 's likely to die .
nael 's he 's going to die .
your security is also ensured by blocking other content from this website .
your security is guaranteed to block other content from this website as well .
your security is protected by blocking other pages of this website .
the security is also protected by the web browser .
your browser has to block other content from this site as well for security reasons .
your security will also be protected by blocking other pages of this website .
your browser also prevents other content from accessing this site for security reasons .
your security will be protected by blocking other pages of this website .
it is also prevented from accessing other content from this site by the web browser .
another content of this site is blocked by the web browser for security reasons .
she 's got a little higher weight .
he 's got a little higher weight .
she 's lighter than that .
she 's a little higher than that .
she weighs a little higher .
she weighs a little higher .
she weighs little over that .
she 's quite heavy .
she 's a little higher .
she 's quite heavy for that weight .
he uses an intermittent burst .
he uses an interruption .
he uses short bursts .
he wants to use them in short bursts .
he uses short bursts of lightning .
it uses short term bursts .
he uses an interruption in short bursts .
it 's intermittent at times .
it works in short bursts .
it 's a short and intermittent burst .
he belongs to his mother .
this belongs to my mom .
he belonged to his mother .
this belonged to my mom .
that was my mom !
they were my mom .
they belong to my mom .
that belongs to my mom .
the house belonged to my mom .
he 's my mom !
he works at a new york branch .
he belongs to a new york office .
he 's our employee .
i 'm a new york based employee .
he 's a staffer at new york .
i 'm a new york based employee .
he 's got a new york office .
he 's a staffer .
he 's got a new york office .
he 's a volunteer at new york 's office .
nicole kept crying .
nicole wept profusely .
nicole was crying .
nicole kept crying .
nicole wept again .
nicole continued she was crying .
nicole kept crying .
nicole continued to cry about it .
nicole kept crying .
nicole kept crying .
we do n't have a stable belt .
we do n't have stable belts .
he does n't have a stable belt .
he does n't have a stable belt .
it 's not stable .
he does n't belong to stable girders .
stable does n't have any .
the seatbelt does n't exist .
stable does n't exist .
anchors do n't have any .
do you want to dance ?
do you want something to dance ?
do you dance it ?
do you have a dance ?
do you dance it ?
do you want dancing ?
do you like to dance ?
do you have a dance ?
did you want to dance ?
shall we dance it ?
you see this rock ?
do we have a rock around here ?
do you see this rock ?
do you see this rock ?
you see that rock over there ?
you see that rock over there ?
you see this rock ?
you see those rocks ?
are you see this rock ?
you saw this rock ?
it 's a strange time .
what an odd moment !
what an odd moment !
it 's funny !
what an odd moment !
what an odd moment !
it 's a fun moment !
what a funny thing to do !
what an odd moment !
what an odd moment !
you 're rude .
you 're so rude !
you 're an ungrateful man !
you 're an insult !
you 're an insult !
you 're so rude !
you 're rude .
you 're disrespectful people .
you 're so rude !
you 're disrespectful to me .
that 's where the klingons attacked him .
when the klingons attacked him , klingon held him there .
they trapped him when they attacked klingon .
when i was attacked by klingons , they really locked him up .
the klingon attacked him when he was on cardassia .
he stayed when klingon attacked him on cardassia .
when klingons attacked him on cardassia .
before the klingons attacked him , the klinger caught him .
his kidnapper trapped him when klingon attacked him .
they trapped him in cardassia when they attacked klingon .
when they attacked me , i almost died out when i died .
when they attacked me , i killed myself immediately .
as soon as they attacked me , i would die if i did n't die !
when i was attacked , i did n't even notice they were attacking me .
if they had attacked me , i would have died .
when they attacked me , i would have died .
i just died when they attacked me , i do n't want to die anymore .
even if they had attacked me , i would have died .
once they attacked me , i would have died .
when i was attacked , i would have died .
the applicant shall submit an application for the position of an administrative officer at eurojust .
the applicant shall receive an application for the position of an administrative officer at eurojust .
the applicant shall be invited to submit an application for the position of an administrative officer at eurojust .
the applicant is invited to submit an application for eurojust 's administrative functions .
the applicant shall propose to apply for eurojust 's administrative functions .
the appointment of an administrative officer of eurojust will invite applications .
the position of an administrative officer in eurojust should be invited by the applicant .
the candidates may be invited to apply for eurojusta 's administrative functions .
the applicant shall apply for an administrative post at eurojust .
the candidates may submit applications for eurojust 's administrative functions .
i promise you i 'll keep my dream .
i promise i 'll keep my dreams in front of me .
i promise you i 'll do it in front of me .
i promise i 'll keep my dreams in front of me .
i 'll keep my dreams in front of me .
i can promise you i 'll always dream of you .
my promises are to keep my dreams .
my promise is to keep my dreams in front of me .
i i promise i 'll keep my dreams in front of me .
i 'll put my dreams in front of mine !
the girl watches when her grandma kills a bull .
the girl watches what grandma does when she kills a bull .
the girl of the scouts watches how grandma kills a bull .
the little scout watches how grandma kills a bull .
she watches the scout when her grandma kills a bull .
she watches the girl scout of her grandmother when she kills a bull .
the girl from the scout is what she sees when her grandmother kills a bull .
the girl watches it when her grandma kills a bull .
the girl looks at her grandmother when she kills a bull .
the girl she watches is watching her grandmother killing a bull .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
you 're afraid they 'll catch you .
you 're afraid to catch him .
you 're afraid if they catch you .
it 's scary that they 'll catch you .
it 's okay if you 're afraid they 'll catch you .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
you 're afraid they 'll catch you .
it 's scary to be caught .
it 's scary they 'll catch you .
we 're mixing water and pumps .
pour the water into the pump !
we 're going to the pumps .
put water in the tank .
i 'll mix the water into the pumps .
he 's mixing water and pumps .
mix the water !
he 's going to the pumps .
mix the water into the pumps !
we 'll put water in the pump .
does it make different ?
is it different ?
is it different ?
does it have differed ?
do you see any differences ?
is it divided ?
is it different now ?
is it divided ?
is it up ?
does it make difference ?
let 's find a better place to set up a fire .
let 's find a safer place and light the fire .
so let 's find a better place and light the fire .
so let 's find a better place and light the fire .
then let 's find a better place and make a fire .
let 's just find a place where there 's a fire .
so let 's find a better place and light the fire .
then let 's find a better place to set the fire .
let 's find a place where there 's a fire .
find a place where there 's a free fire .
i do n't know exactly .
i do n't know much .
we do n't know exactly .
we do n't know exactly .
we do n't know .
i do n't want to say .
i do n't want to say .
i 'm sure it does n't matter .
i do n't know exactly .
i do n't know exactly .
excuse me for one second , mr . harriman .
mr . harriman , may i speak with you for a moment ?
may i speak with you , mr . harriman ?
are you sorry , mr . harriman ?
excuse me do n't you , mr . harriman ?
excuse me , mr . harriman . can i ask you something ?
excuse me , mr . harrimans .
would you excuse mr . harriman ?
i 'll excuse you , mr . harriman .
will you excuse mr . harriman ?
$20,000 for that bitch !$$20 ,000 , your dick !
you son of a bitch .
you fucking son of a bitch !
you little son of a bitch !
stop , you son of a bitch .
stop , you son of a bitch .
come on , you son of a bitch .
come on , you son of a bitch .
get out , you son of a bitch .
get out , you son of a bitch .
i 'm sure it 's stupid to put an oyster in that mud .
it 's crazy to put an oyster on that kind of shit .
it 's crazy that you put oysters in that clam .
it 's crazy that you put oysters in that clam .
it 's ridiculous that you put oysters on a clam .
it 's crazy to put an oyster in that mud .
that 's crazy if you put oysters on a clam .
it 's crazy they put oysters in that clam .
you look crazy if you put an oyster in that clam .
it 's really stupid to put an oyster in that mud .
if you go on , you 'll only go to the dark , where there will be more darkness .
if you go on , you 'll only keep digging into the dark until you get to the dark .
if you go on , you 'll only get lost in the dark .
if you go on , you 'll get out of the dark , just in the dark .
if you go on , you 'll only go further into the dark .
by continuing , you 'll be leaving the darkness and entering even more darkness .
so if you keep going , you 'll only get into the dark .
and if you keep going , you 'll only get into the dark .
once you go on , you 'll only go to the dark .
if you go on , you 'll only get lost in the dark .
he does n't know a single magician .
he did n't know a single magician .
he do n't know a single magician .
he does n't know anyone else than kalizkan .
kalizkan does n't know any other magician .
he does n't know about any other magician .
kalizkan did n't know any other magician .
he does n't know a single magician from kalizkan .
he could n't know a wizard like kalizkan .
he did n't know a single magician from kalizkan .
'where did he come from ? 'asked jack .
'who did he come from ? 'asked jack .
'who is he ? 'asked jack .
'what is he doing ? 'asked jack .
'what are you talking about ? 'asked jack .
'who is he ? 'jack asked .
'what do you mean ? 'asked jack .
'who is he ? 'he asked .
'what is he doing ? 'jack asked .
'who is he ? 'asked jack .
there 's no air .
there 's no air left .
there 's no air left .
there 's no air for us .
there 's no air for us .
there 's nothing more air .
there 's been air .
but there 's no air .
there 's no fresh air .
there 's no air .
it 's a great mixer .
it 's very good .
it 's a very good mixer .
it 's blender .
it 's a good mixing machine .
it 's good for a blender !
it 's delicious .
it 's great mixing .
it 's got a good blender .
he 's got a good blender .
let go of that box !
think only in boxes .
think about your mailbox .
think about the box . . .
it 's about the box !
think about your mailbox .
think back to your mailbox .
take care of that box !
watch out for the mailbox .
you 're thinking about a box .
he 's not hungry !
he does n't seem to be hungry .
he 's not really hungry .
he 's not hungry for anything .
he does n't look hungry for the time being .
he 's not hungry at all .
he 's probably not hungry .
he 's not really hungry .
but he 's not hungry .
but he 's not hungry .
we do n't have proof he killed kwak .
he does n't have any proof of killing kwak .
we do n't have to prove he killed kwaku .
we ca n't prove kwak 's death .
i 'm sure he did n't kill kwak .
we do n't have proof of killing kwak .
he does n't have to prove he killed kwaku .
i do n't have any proof he killed kwak .
i do n't have any proof he killed kwak .
we do n't have proof of killing kwak .
it 's really funny .
i 'm sure it 's too much fun !
it 's hilarious .
it 's really funny .
it 's a great fun .
it 's a lot .
it 's full of fun .
it 's definitely a fun .
it 's really funny with that .
it 's definitely entertaining .
they do n't have a leader .
they do n't have a leader .
they do n't lead .
i do n't have a leader .
he does n't have a leader .
he did n't have a leader .
i did n't have a leader .
he does n't have a leader .
they do n't belong to the leader .
he does n't lead .
it was a terrible day !
this day is terrible .
this day was terrible .
it was a really bad day .
it was a terrible last day .
it was terrible today .
that was a terrible day .
this is a terrible day .
it was just a terrible day .
it was a terrible day !
do n't make a fool of yourself .
do n't be stupid .
do n't be stupid .
do n't be an idiot !
and do n't be stupid .
do n't talk like a fool .
do n't talk like you 're stupid .
do n't tell me i 'm an idiot !
do n't talk .
do n't make a fool of yourself .
we do n't have a fraternity on the street .
inspector , they do n't have a fraternity on the street .
we do n't have a fraternity on the street .
inspector , they do n't have a fraternity on the street .
inspector , he does n't have a fraternity on the street .
he does n't have a fraternity on the street .
i do n't see any fraternity on the street .
inspector , they do n't belong in the street .
inspector , the fraternity does n't exist on the street .
they do n't belong in the streets of brotherhood .
his tall fists looked up and jerked .
he saw the tall fist and winced .
the tall fist saw him and winced .
he saw the tall fist and backed away .
he noticed and jerked his high fist .
he saw the tall fist and jerked his way .
he noticed and jerked his high fist .
he saw the tall fist and jerked away .
the tall fist looked up and winced .
a tall fist saw and a powerful fist winced .
you gon na be really upset ?
you 're never gon na be angry ?
you 'd never be angry with me ?
you never want to be upset about anything ?
have you ever been mad at me ?
do you ever want to be upset about something like that ?
you never want to be upset about anything ?
let 's never get really upset .
so you gon na be really upset ?
so you 're not really mad ?
he began to flinch slightly .
he winced in his eyes .
he winced a bit .
he blinked a few times .
he turned to a slight wrinkle in his eyes .
he winced a little bit .
he winced slightly .
he blinked wryly .
he blinked his eyelids slightly .
he winced his eye .
he does n't swallow his medication .
he does n't want to swallow his medication .
he does n't swallow .
he did n't swallow his medication .
you do n't swallow your medication .
he does n't swallow for medication .
i do n't swallow pills .
he did n't swallow .
he does n't swallow properly .
he did n't swallow .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
he does n't have to wear a gun in his clothes .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
he does n't need the powder in the dress .
you do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
you wo n't have any clothes to carry the gunpowder .
you do n't even have to wear powder in the dress .
you wo n't have to wear powder in the dress .
do n't have to wear powder in the dress .
there would be no suicide in trying to break mayan 's record .
there would be no suicide in trying to break mayan 's record .
there would be no suicide in trying to break mayan 's record .
this is gon na be suicide when we try to break mayan 's record .
breaking mayan 's record , that 's just suicide .
attempting mayan records would be suicide .
just taking a suicide to try to break the record .
attempting a record would be suicide .
breaking the record just is gon na be suicide .
the suicide is going to try to break the record of mayan .
i 'm sure he does n't love me anymore .
i do n't think he 's gon na love me anymore .
she does n't have to love me anymore .
but he does n't love me anymore .
he does n't love me .
i 'm just saying she does n't love me anymore .
she does n't really love me .
they do n't love me .
he does n't love me anymore .
you do n't have to tell me she does n't love me anymore .
i want something to drink .
i 'd be good for a drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i have something to drink .
i 'd like something to drink .
i 'm sure it would be good for a drink .
it 's good to have a drink .
it 's good to have a drink .
i 'd be good for a drink !
did he choose them ?
did they choose them ?
have you chose them ?
did he choose anyone ?
did he choose them ?
did he choose this place ?
did they choose anyone ?
did he choose anyone ? ''
did he choose them then ?
did he choose them ? '
did you look out there ?
did you watch out ?
did you look out ?
did you look out there ?
did you watch out ?
did you look out ?
did you look out of the window ?
did you watch it ?
did you watch anything ?
did you look out of the window ?
you do n't have your fate like that .
i do n't see your fate like that .
you do n't have to be like this .
i do n't see your fate like that .
it 's not like your fate .
i 'm not your fate .
i 'm sure your fate is not like that .
you wo n't meet your fate like that .
the fate does not follow your destiny .
it 's not like fate awaits you .
it 's a bad radio !
it 's a radio !
it 's terrible .
it 's such radio !
it 's a really bad radio .
it 's a damn radio !
it 's a waste of radio !
it 's a hell of a radio .
it 's a bad radio !
it 's bad for radio !
what does it hurt ?
what do you hurt ?
how do you hurt ?
how does it hurt ?
what did it hurt ?
how did it hurt ?
what happened to your soreness ?
what is wrong with you ?
what do you hurt . . .
what about the pain ?
jackie sent it for gina .
jackie came to gina with an announcement .
jackie sent something for gina .
jackie sent his report .
jackie was in charge of gina .
jackie sent an announcement for gina .
jackie was sent to gina with an announcement .
jackie sent an announcement .
jackie sent an announcement to gina .
jackie put in a report for gina .
installing auxiliary lights to work stations located close to the door .
a switchboard at work stations will be installed in an easily accessible position close to the door .
switch stations switch to easily accessible positions close to the door .
install the main control switches at work stations in an easily accessible position close to the door .
installing switches to switch stations to easily accessible positions near the door .
installation switches to switch stations to easily accessible positions near the door .
a switchboard at work stations is installed in an easily accessible position close to the door .
installation switches at work stations will be installed in easily accessible positions close to the door .
switch switches at work stations in readily available positions close to the door .
switch switches are installed at work stations , which are readily available at the door .
it 's not important for christmas .
it 's not important for christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
it 's not christmas .
it 's not important to me .
it 's not going to christmas .
it 's not christmas .
it 's not related to christmas .
it 's not worth christmas .
can you tell me ?
can you give me some advice ?
i 'll ask you some tips .
do you want to give me some advice ?
would you mind giving me some advice ?
can you get some advice ?
can you give me some advice for you ?
you want to give me some advice ?
can you give me some advice ?
can you give me some tips ?
he 's also mysterious .
he 's also mysterious .
she was also mysterious .
and she was able to have a mysterious smile .
sometimes she was mysterious .
she was also mysterious .
she was also mysterious in her smile .
sometimes it 's mysterious .
she is also mysterious in her smile .
she has quite mysterious .
i 'm looking for a wolf where he 'll find his prey .
i 'm supposed to be looking for a wolf where they find their prey .
i 'm supposed to be looking for a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 're gon na tell me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 've told me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 're supposed to be looking for a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
that 's where you said i should find the wolf where the prey will be .
you 're telling me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 've told me to find a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
you 've told me i 'm looking for a wolf where he 's gon na find his prey .
it 's a professor .
that 's what professor kang was a pathologist .
it 's a prof kang .
he 's got a professor kang , the pathologist .
and it 's professor kang , the pathologist .
it 's professor kang of the pathologist .
it 's a professor kang .
it 's been professor kang , the pathologist .
it 's from professor kang .
it 's professor kang , the pathologist .
someone seems to have killed someone .
sounds like someone 's been killed .
the sound seems to be someone 's murder .
there seems to be someone murdered .
sounds like they 're killing someone .
there seems to be someone murdered .
someone 's supposed to be killed .
someone seemed to want to kill someone .
someone 's gon na kill somebody .
there seems to be someone murdered .
internet connection failed to complete the windows installation .
setup windows failed to complete the internet connection .
the internet connection failed to complete the windows installation .
internet connection installation failed .
windows failed to complete the internet connection .
windows have failed to complete the internet connection .
setup windows have failed to complete the internet connection .
the windows installer failed to complete the internet connection .
setup windows did n't finish connecting to the internet .
the internet connection failed to complete the windows installation .
we do n't have to save anyone in this place .
we do n't save anyone in this place .
we ca n't save anyone in this place .
we ca n't save anyone here .
it 's not possible to save anyone in this place .
it 's not going to save anyone in this place .
i ca n't save anyone in this place .
we ca n't save .
it 's not save anyone in this place .
i ca n't save anyone in here .
vanessa may also be affected by demons .
it 's also going to happen to vanessa .
vanessa may also be a demon .
she could also be seduced by vanessa .
vanessa 's also going to be a demon .
he 's also falling into vanessa 's demons .
vanessa may also fall into the clutches of demons .
vanessa may also be able to defeat the demons .
demons can also be seduced by vanessa .
the demon may also be affected by vanessa .
you 're hitting on a guard .
you 're hitting a guard , how bad ?
you 're a bad guy for a guard .
what about the guard 's injuries ?
you hit a guard in the eye .
you were hitting a guard , how bad ?
you 're going to tell me how bad you hit the guard .
you 've hit a security guard .
you 've been in a bad way with the guard .
you were hitting on a guard .
he faced a serious charge of theft from his firm .
he now faced serious allegations of theft from his firm .
she faced a charge of a serious theft from the firm .
he faced indictment for a serious theft .
she was already a serious suspect in the theft of her company .
she was subject to serious accusations of theft from the firm .
she was accused of stealing from the firm .
she faced a serious charge of stealing from the firm .
he faced charges of a serious theft from his company .
he now faces serious accusations of stealing from his company .
next i have english , chemistry , books !
i read english literature and chemistry books .
i have an english textbook and a chemical textbook .
i have books in english as well as chemistry .
i have an english book and a chemical .
i have books in english as well as chemistry .
i have books in english as well as chemistry .
english and chemical are books .
i have an encyclopedia of english , as well as chemistry .
books and articles , chemical books in an englishman .
there 's a rope at the bottom of the steep slope .
there 's a rope hanging on the highest slope .
there 's a rope hanging on the highest slope .
there 's always a rope on the highest slope .
there 's a rope at the bottom of the steep slope .
there 's a rope at the bottom of the steep slope .
there 's on the highest slope of a rope .
there will be an endless rope at the bottom of the slope .
and there 's an endless line at the bottom of the slope .
there 's a long rope at the bottom of the slope .
did you invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
did you call a foreign army into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite a stranger into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite a stranger into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign troops into france 's sovereign territory ?
did you send foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
did you invite foreign troops to france 's sovereign territory ?
there was certainly no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal .
there was no place for such a huge wild animal on any moon or planet .
there was no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal on any moon or planet .
there was absolutely no place in the solar system for such a huge wild beast .
there was no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal on any moon .
there was no such thing going on in any moon or planet .
there was certainly no place in the solar system for such a huge wild animal on any moon or planet .
there was nothing habitable in our solar system on any moon or planet .
there was no place in the solar system for such a huge wild beast .
there was no place in the solar system for such a huge , wild animal , no moon , no planet .
everyone will be killed .
everyone will be able to kill themselves .
everyone will kill himself .
everyone will all be killed .
every one of them will be killed .
they 'll be killed .
everyone will die .
everyone wants to kill himself .
everyone will die for themselves .
everyone will commits suicide .
it allows streaming digital media into the net .
it allows to broadcast digital media
they allow to broadcast digital media on the network .
enabling streaming of internet media
enabling access to digital media via network
i 'll enable you to broadcast digital media .
enable online streaming of digital media
permission to broadcast digital media via network
it will enable the broadcast of digital media
it will allow the transmission of digital media via the net
it 's your afternoon .
i 'll see you in the afternoon .
it 's an afternoon .
it belongs to me in the afternoon .
this is your afternoon .
it 's for your afternoon .
i 'm sure you 'll be home by afternoon .
you 'll be my afternoon .
it 's your only afternoon .
i 'll see you in the afternoon .
would you put the locator on the phone for strahm ?
would you get strahm 's coordinates on his mobile phone ?
you want the locator on the phone for strahm ?
you put the locator on the phone for strahm .
will you give him a locator on his mobile phone ?
can you give the signal to strahm 's mobile phone ?
you want the location of strahm 's cell phone ?
can you find him on his mobile phone ?
can we find strahm on his mobile phone ?
would you like to get strahm 's coordinates on his mobile phone ?
do you want to come for breakfast ?
shall we eat it ?
would you like to have breakfast ?
shall we have some breakfast ?
shall we have breakfast ?
do you want some breakfast ?
shall we get him some breakfast ?
do you want me to breakfast ?
shall i have breakfast ?
do you want me to make breakfast ?
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i guess you 're going to go to edu tomorrow .
i guess you 're going to go to ed tomorrow .
i guess you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i guess you 're going to go to edu tomorrow .
i guess you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
i think you 're going to go to edo tomorrow .
she felt guilty at the same time as frightened .
trisha felt guilty about the fact that she was scared .
trisha felt guilty at the same time as fear .
as trisha realized how scared she was , fear was equally guilty for her .
she felt guilty at the same time as frightened .
trisha felt both guilty and frightened at the same time .
she felt both guilty and frightened at the same time .
i was aware that trisha felt guilty , as well as afraid .
trisha was haunted by the thought that he was both guilty and frightened .
when trisha realized how scared she was , she felt guilty and scared .
i 'll give you 50 , okay ?
i 'll give you 50 , okay ?
i 'm sure it 'll cost me 50 .
i 'll give you 50 , okay ?
can i get you 50 grand ?
$5,000 will be my 50th , okay ?
i 'm sure it 'll cost me 50 .
i 'm going to get 50 , okay ?
i 'll give you 50 , okay ?
but i 'll give you 50 , okay ?
we do n't have time for sex .
it 's not time for sex .
there 's still no time for sex .
it 's not time for sex .
we do n't have to think about sex anymore .
he does n't have to think about sex anymore .
we do n't have time for sex .
it 's not time for sex .
there 's still no time to think about sex !
it 's not a good time to think about sex .
it does n't involve sex .
we do n't compete sex .
you do n't have to compete with sex .
it does n't have to do with sex .
she does n't compete in sex .
you wo n't have sex in the competition !
it 's not compete .
we do n't compete for sex .
sex does n't play a part in this competition .
sex does n't compete .
have you heard the emperor 's orders ?
you 're not listening to his majesty 's orders ?
you 're listening his majesty 's orders .
you have heard the orders of his majesty .
so you have n't listened to his orders ?
you have not heard the emperor 's order ?
you 're not listening his majesty 's orders ?
you 're listening to his majesty 's orders .
have you heard the emperor 's orders ?
you heard the order .
do you want to kiss him ?
you want to kiss him ?
want to lick him .
do you want him ?
you want a kiss ?
you want him ?
do you want him ?
you want me to lick him ?
you really want to kiss him ?
do you want a kiss ?
what kind of greed is that ?
what is wrong with this kind of greed ?
what is so greedy about this ?
what is so greedy about this ?
what kind of greed is that ?
what kind of greed is wrong ?
what is so greedy ?
what good is that ?
you know what 's so greedy ?
what do you get so greedy about ?
we do n't tell people .
we do n't plan to tell anyone .
he does n't tell people .
he does n't plan to tell people .
the plan does n't tell anyone .
not reveal anyone .
we do n't plan to tell anyone .
we do n't really tell people .
plan does n't tell anyone .
the plan does n't want to tell people .
watching the game is something new to me .
watching the game or the game is a whole new experience .
watching games and matches is a completely new experience .
the game is a whole new experience for me to look at the game and everything .
watching games and matches is something new to me .
watching the game is a whole new experience and nothing like that .
my sightseeing is a whole new experience for me .
the sight of the game or the game is a whole new experience for me .
seeing the game or the match is a whole new experience .
new experiences are my only not so much about watching games or matches or anything .
who in charge of defense ?
who 's defending against him ?
who are you advocating for ?
who 's in charge of defending ?
who 's he advocating for ?
who in charge of defense ?
what kind of defense is that ?
who are you advocating ?
who 's on defense ?
who do you fight for ?
they 're screaming at each other .
they 're screaming everywhere .
they 're screaming all the time .
he 's screaming everywhere .
they 're all screaming .
he 's screaming all the time .
he 's screaming at everybody .
they 're gon na scream .
people are screaming .
they 're screaming people .
the imperialist country can use such a mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country is using this mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country is going to use this mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country can use this mindset as justification for its economic greed .
a imperialist country like the us can use such a mindset as justification for economic greed .
the greed of an imperialist state may be a justification for such a mindset .
a imperialist country can rely on such thinking for economic greed .
a imperialist country can be justified in such a mindset as to justify its economic greed .
the empire is able to use this mindset to justify its economic greed .
the imperialist country is entitled to use such thoughts to justify its economic greed .
i have to get everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state .
i want everyone involved in protecting the minister 's visit .
i want everyone involved in the security of the secretary of state visit .
i have to devote all resources to the protection of the minister 's visit .
i have to get everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state .
i have to concentrate on the security of the secretary of state visit .
i want everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state 's visit .
i want everyone involved in the security of the secretary of state visit .
i 'll want everyone involved in protecting the secretary of state .
i want everyone to be careful when the secretary visits .
take this problem as a chance to solve .
do n't take this as a problem , look at the possibilities for a solution .
do n't take him as a problem , look at him as an opportunity for a solution .
do n't consider him a problem , consider him an opportunity for a solution .
let 's not look at it as a problem , but as an opportunity for a solution .
do n't take him as a problem as a solution .
do n't think he 's a problem , look at him as an opportunity for a solution .
you can see the problem as a chance to solve it .
you can see no problem in her like a chance to solve .
try to see it as a problem rather than as an opportunity for a solution .
it 's not funny .
it does n't seem funny to us .
but it 's not funny to us .
but that 's not funny .
it 's not just funny .
it does n't matter if it 's funny or not .
and it 's not funny to us .
this is not funny !
it does n't just look funny .
that does n't seem funny to us .
do you want to be a friend ?
do you want a friend ?
do you want a friend ?
do you want friends ?
do you want friendship ?
are you want a friend ?
do you want a friend ?
would you like to be a friend ?
do you want us ?
do you want friends ?
what about the whitefish ?
hey , fool , where are the whitefish ?
morons , where are they ?
idiot , where are the whitefish ?
what about the whitefish ?
moron , where are they ?
moron , where was he ?
where do you have a whitefish ?
idiot , where are the whitefish ?
where are you , moron ?
you ca n't be responsive to 300 milligrams of thrombazine !
you ca n't be responsive to 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
do n't be able to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
do n't be responsive to 300 milligrams of thorazine !
what do you mean , if you do n't respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine , it 's not possible .
why are n't you responsive to 300 milligrams ?
why do n't you be able to respond to 300 milligrams ?
you ca n't answer 300 milligrams of thrombazine .
i ca n't be able to respond to 300 milligrams of thorazine .
how ca n't you be responsive to 300 milligrams ?
kills the bandits !
sabata will kill the bandits !
sabata will kill the bandits !
sabata wants to kill the bandits !
the sabatas will kill the bandits .
sabata kills the robbers .
he wants to kill the bandits .
they kill robbers .
sabata will only kill the bandits !
he kills robbers .
everyone knows to that .
everyone knows about it .
i 'm sure everyone knows .
we have to know !
i 'm sure everyone knows .
we know about it !
i 'm sure everyone knows .
we know each other !
we know to everyone !
everyone knows something .
you 're no longer afraid of death .
you 're never afraid of death .
you 're not afraid of death .
you 're no longer worried about death .
you 're not afraid of death .
you 're not afraid of death .
you 're never worried about death .
you 're no longer afraid of death .
you 're not afraid of death .
you 're not so afraid of death .
there 's something weird going on .
there 's something weird going on .
there was something weird going on .
there 's really weird .
there 's still something weird going on .
everything was so weird .
there 's something weird going on .
there 's something weird .
there 's some strange stuff .
there 's something weird going on .
he does n't sell the papers .
they do n't sell the papers .
they did n't sell the papers .
they do n't want to sell the papers .
he does n't even sell the papers .
he does n't want to sell the newspaper .
he has n't sold the papers .
they did n't even sell the papers .
he does n't sell for newspapers .
the newspaper does n't sell them .
i got that son of a bitch back .
that son of a bitch is back .
so the son of a bitch came back !
son of a bitch .
son of a bitch returned .
i got that son of a bitch back .
son of a bitch is back .
how the son of a bitch came back !
the son of a bitch .
son of a bitch got back .
but toughest girls do n't like you !
the girls are not strong .
tough girls just do n't go out there !
tough girls are not nice .
tough guys do n't like you !
girls are not strong .
tough little girls do n't like ?
tough girls do n't get mixed up .
tough girls do n't like very much !
the tough girls do n't like !
would you like the lucky seven ?
would you like a lucky seven ?
do we have to put everything on lucky 7 ?
would you like the seventh ?
is seven lucky ?
would you like to put everything on lucky seven ?
you want me to put everything on lucky 7 ?
would you like the seven ?
shall i give you seven lucky ?
you want the whole thing in lucky seven ?
burton was sure that he would wake up the others .
burton was so sure he would wake up the others .
burton was sure he would wake up the others .
burton was so dependent that he could wake up the other .
burton had to rely on him so he could wake up the others .
burton needed him now to wake up the rest of them .
burton was so worried that he would wake up the others .
burton needed him so quick that the rest of them woke up .
burton was dependent when he woke up the others .
burton depended only when he woke up the rest .
he 's got colored coffee .
it 's pouring into the coffee .
it 's covered in coffee .
it 's grown to be coffee .
it 's going to be flavored coffee .
he 's got colored coffee .
it 's for caramel coffee .
it 's pouring coffee .
and it 's covered in coffee .
it 's toasted coffee .
the shotgun is good .
the shotgun is pretty good .
they 're pretty good .
the guns are good .
we have a nice rifle .
he had a nice rifle .
he was also nice .
we have nice guns .
the shotgun was good .
the shotgun is also good .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i do n't see a better movie .
i have n't seen a better film .
i have n't seen a better film .
i 've never seen a better film .
i 'm sure he 's sent a real killer .
it 's like they were sent by a real killer .
the only option is to send him a real killer .
it 's possible that he was sent by a real murderer .
it 's possible they were sent by a real killer .
a real killer might have sent her .
there 's a possibility he 's sent a real killer .
a real killer could be one of them .
i guess it 's just that he sent a real killer .
it 's possible he was sent by a real killer .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm afraid it makes me furious .
i 'm really angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i 'm angry about the fear .
i hope you will treat me as my deputies .
i hope you will treat me as my deputies .
i have a feeling you will treat me as my deputies .
i thought you were going to treat my deputies with the same courtesy .
i understand that you will treat me as my deputies .
and i see you will treat me with the same courtesy as my deputies .
i thought you were going to treat my deputies with the same courtesy .
i thought you were going to treat my deputies the same courtesy .
i hope you will treat me as my deputies .
i hope you will treat me as my deputies .
but somehow , when it comes to this loss , there will be peace and god 's quiet .
but then there was a sense of peace and god 's quiet .
but there was peace and quiet in this loss .
but there was a sense of peace and god 's quiet inside of this loss .
but among them there is peace and god 's quiet .
but there is peace in this loss of divine calm .
but there was also a sense of peace and god 's quiet inside .
but there will be peace in this loss of divine calm .
but there was a sense of peace and god 's quiet inside .
yet there was a sense of peace and divine calm in that loss .
the league of first league is similar to mine .
the first league of baseball is in my opinion .
the league is different from my opinion .
the first league is in my opinion .
the first league is different from my opinion .
the league of first league is different from mine .
the first league of baseball is a hell of a lot like me .
the first league of baseball is in my opinion .
the league of first league think like me .
the league is different from my opinion .
is there a purchase ?
do we have a purchase forecast ?
is there a purchase forecast ?
are there any forecasts ?
do you have a purchase ?
is there a forecast for sale ?
is there a pre sale forecast ?
are you anticipating a sale ?
are there forecasts ?
are there any planned purchases ?
i do n't have any appetite .
i did n't get any hungry .
i do n't want any food .
i wo n't eat it .
do n't feed me .
i did n't eat anything .
i did n't starve .
you do n't want me hungry .
i do n't want to eat .
i wo n't be hungry .
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
are you part of it , mrs . nehru ?
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
do you also care about mrs nehru ?
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
do you have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
do you care if you 're mrs nehru too ?
do you also have anything to do with mrs nehru ?
what about another judicial misconduct ?
it was another judicial error ?
another judicial misconduct case ?
as a further miscarriage ?
a further judicial misconduct ?
another judicial misconduct case ?
same as another mistake ?
another court error .
another unjustified attempted murder ?
any further miscarriage of justice ?
is that just me ?
is that supposed to be mine ?
is that really mine ?
is it because of me ?
is that all mine ?
are you on your own ?
is it just for me ?
is that all mine ?
does that mean belong to me ?
is this for me ?
do n't be such an asshole .
do n't be an asshole .
do n't be dick .
do n't be such an asshole .
do n't act like you 're an asshole .
do n't act like an asshole .
you do n't have to be an asshole .
do n't dick !
please do n't be an asshole .
do n't be an asshole to me .
my dad used to smoke when he was pregnant .
the father continued to smoke during his mother 's pregnancy .
my dad smoked in his pregnancy .
my father smoked every day .
my dad smoked pot .
dad used to smoke when his mother was pregnant .
even after having a baby , dad 's father smoked a lot .
in my mother 's pregnancy , dad was smoking .
dad smoked his mother .
in pregnancy , my dad smoked .
he 's lucky .
he 's just lucky .
you were lucky .
that 's lucky .
the man is lucky .
i 'm sure you 're lucky .
do n't be so lucky .
that 's very lucky .
he 's just lucky .
he 's a lucky guy .
it 's not stopping .
it 's not stopping .
it 's not possible .
it 's not going to stop .
it 's not going to stop .
it 's not stopping me .
it 's stopping .
it 's not stopped .
we 're not stopping .
it 's never stopping .
he put an innocent man in danger .
dangerous for innocent lives ?
the danger of innocent lives ?
when they put innocent people in danger .
he endangered the lives of innocents ?
i 'm putting innocent lives in danger .
an innocent life in danger ?
so you 're putting innocent people in danger ?
i 'm putting innocent lives in danger .
to put an innocent man in danger ?
he 's crazy !
he 's so crazy .
it 's a crazy idea !
that 's crazy !
it 's a madness .
that 's so crazy .
he 's so crazy .
that 's a crazy thing .
he 's crazy about that .
it 's such madness .
he does n't write his reasons ?
why does n't he write his reasons ?
he does n't have to write his reasons ?
they do n't write their reasons ?
why do they write their reasons ?
why does he have no motive ?
he did n't write his reasons ?
he does n't even write his reasons ?
then why did n't he write his reasons ?
they do n't have to write their reasons ?
there was nothing else to worry about at malacandra , apart from oyarsa .
there was nothing more to worry about at malacandra , apart from oyarsa .
there was nothing on malacandra other than oyarsa .
there was nothing more to worry about at malacandra , except oyarsa .
there was nothing to worry about at malacandra other than oyarsa .
there was nothing left for malacandra to worry about , apart from oyarsa .
there was nothing else to worry about at malacandra , except oyarsa .
there was nothing more to worry about at malacandra , apart from oyarsa .
there was nothing more to worry about at malacandra , except oyarsa .
there was no fear in malacandra , except for oyarsa .
do n't be too late .
do n't try to be late .
you have to make sure it 's not too late .
do n't be late for anything .
do n't worry if you 're gon na be late .
do n't be late if you 're not late .
do n't worry about being late , okay ?
do n't worry about being late , okay ?
but do n't be too late .
do n't worry too much , okay ?
pain has turned into anger .
pain will be born of anger .
the pain has turned into anger .
pain was born of anger .
the pain would be born of anger .
the pain was born of anger .
the pain is angry .
pain is angry .
the pain turned into anger .
the pain has escalated .
you 're talking about barrenger molesting a little girl !
you 're raping little girls !
you 're gon na have barrenger molesting a little girl !
he molests a little girl !
he molests a little girl from barrenger .
he molests little girls !
you have a little girl with barrenger .
you have a barrenger with little girls !
you have a little girl !
you have barrenger 's molesting a little girl !
you 'll bring the girl here at 9 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
your girl will bring you home at 9 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
you bring your wife at nine in the evening .
your girl will come to 9 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
i 'll take the girl home at 9 00 in the evening .
your girl will come home nine in the evening .
i took the war to my youth !
i was a girl of war .
i took the war to my youth !
i was a girl of war .
i was involved in the war .
i had a war with my youth !
i used to go to war .
i used to go to war .
i took the war as a youth .
i was courted by the war .
you 're smart !
you 're so smart .
you 're a smart guy .
that 's smart .
you 're a smart guy .
you 're so smart .
he 's smart .
you 're both smart .
you 're smart people .
you 're so smart .
the mask is removed for permanent removal .
the mask can be removed permanently .
remove the mask for permanent removal .
the mask is removed permanently .
the mask can be removed permanently .
the mask goes on permanent removal .
remove the mask !
the removal of the mask for permanent removal .
permanent removal of the mask .
the removal of the mask will be permanently removed .
if i had to choose , i would have taken merlin with me .
of course , i 'd probably take merlin with me .
if i had to choose , i would definitely have taken merlin .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
if i had to choose , i would probably have taken merlin with me .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
if it were up to me , i would probably take merlin .
of course , i would have taken merlin .
at least , i 'll take merlin on my own .
if it were up to me , i would have taken merlin .
so all your friends want to sleep with the virgins .
has everyone else had sex with a virgin ?
did your friends also want to sleep with the virgins ?
so all your friends want to sleep with the virgins .
did your friends want to sleep with the virgins ?
so all your friends want to sleep with a virgin ?
are the friends also sexually molested by virgins ?
is that what your friends also like to do with virgins ?
does n't everyone want to have sex with a virgin ?
did everyone also want to sleep with virgins ?
we play only a kind of strong , high energy rock n'roll .
that 's why we play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
we want to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
that 's what we 're trying to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
we 're here to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
the intention is to play a very strong , high energy style of rock n'roll .
we 're only playing with a strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
we play a kind of strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
i 'm sure we 're going to play a very strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
we only play a kind of strong , high energy kind of rock n'roll .
i 'm sure your mom will love it !
mom 's gon na love this !
your mom 's gon na love this !
your mom is gon na love this !
mom will be happy !
your mom will be happy !
your mom is gon na love this !
your mom 's gon na love this !
mom is gon na love this !
mom is gon na love this !
he 's evacuated the entire area !
there 's been an evacuation of the entire area .
it 's ordered to evacuate the entire area .
it 's evacuated to the surrounding area .
there 's an evacuation planned for the entire area .
there 's an evacuation of the entire area .
he 's evacuated the entire area !
he 's evacuating the entire area .
the area is evacuated !
it 's evacuating the entire area .
you 're not listening !
you 're not listening .
you 're not listening .
you 're not listening !
so you 're not listening !
you 're not listening .
he 's not listening !
and you 're not listening !
i 'm not listening !
and you 're not listening !
it 's weird .
it 's so weird !
it 's a strange thing !
it 's so weird !
it 's a bizarre thing .
it 's weird about that !
it 's such weird stuff !
it 's weird in there !
it 's a really weird thing !
it 's kind of weird !
he does n't have anything on the machine .
he does n't have anything to do with the machine .
it does n't belong to the machine .
it 's not going to be a machine .
we do n't have anything on the machine .
it 's not machine .
we do n't have anything to do with the machine .
it 's not going to the machine .
the machine does n't have anything .
he does n't even have a machine .
they do n't listen .
he does n't listen .
he does n't want to hear anything .
they do n't want to listen .
he does n't listen anyway .
he does n't even listen .
they do n't even listen .
they do n't listen anyway .
he does n't hear anything .
they did n't listen .
and the real kick is starting with the butt of the cement trucker .
then the donkey 's butt first and that 's where the cement is pouring .
the kicking ass was just beginning up with the ass of the cement builder .
then butt kicking was starting with butt kicking cement .
he was starting with his ass kicking cement .
what the hell is going on with your ass , kicking ass ?
and then he kicked in his ass when he was banging cement .
he 's starting with his ass kicking cement .
and then he kicks . . . he kicked ass like a cement truck .
now he was kicking . . . to kick his ass .
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke on the internet about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear about a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
did you hear a joke about a doctor and a bunch of students ?
he does n't want to leave his mother alone .
she would n't even let her mom out .
she wo n't be able to leave her mom alone .
she would n't let her mom out of her sight .
she would n't do anything other than let her mom out .
she did n't want to be left alone by her mother .
she would n't do anything without her mom .
she would n't have done anything to keep her mother out of the way .
she would n't give her mom anything more than that .
she would n't even be able to leave her mother alone .
it 's an amazing feeling .
it 's a really amazing feeling .
it 's an amazing feeling .
that 's an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
it 's an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
it 's an amazing feeling for me .
that 's a really cool feeling .
there is a technical discussion regarding how to assess the results of the tests .
are technical discussions regarding how to assess the results of the tests .
are technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
there are technical discussions about how to assess the results of the tests .
there is currently a technical discussion about how to assess the results of the tests .
there is a technical discussion about how to assess the results of the tests .
there is a technical discussion to assess the results of the tests .
there is a technical discussion regarding how to assess the results of the tests .
the evaluation of the results of the tests can be carried out in a technical way .
there was a technical discussion about how to assess the results of the tests .
i 'm sure everyone knows your various devices .
they know each of your different devices .
they all know each of your different devices .
he knows every different device .
he knows different devices .
they know all devices .
he knows about your various devices .
he 's familiar with your various devices .
he knows all devices .
they know each other equipment .
it is usually taken at a warm time .
it is usually due to warm periods .
this is especially done during warm periods .
it is especially found in warm periods .
this is usually done during warm periods .
this is usually due to warm periods .
it is especially true of warm periods .
this will mainly occur during the warm period .
this is usually at a warm time .
this usually occurs during the warm period .
it 's not a rascal ramp .
and bears do n't even have a rap ramp .
bear does n't a great ramp .
the bears do n't even have a gramophone .
the bears do n't have a gramophone !
bear does n't even have a rap ramp .
the bears really do n't have a gramophone .
and bears do n't have a gramophone .
he does n't have a rap ramp .
the bear has not a ramp .
the thing is for you .
this is for you .
this belongs to you .
everything is for you .
everything belongs to you .
the thing belongs to you .
that will be yours .
everything belongs to you .
they 're for you .
who 's yours .
maybe we 'll be able to keep this awkward silence .
we 'll only be able to keep this awkward silence .
at least there will be no such awkward silence .
we might as well be able to keep this awkward silence .
maybe there will be an uncomfortable silence .
i 'd be happy to keep this awkward silence .
we might as well keep this awkward silence .
maybe we 'll just be quiet .
in such silence , i 'd be happy to keep quiet .
there may be such an uncomfortable silence .
it 's gon na be tough .
it 's going to be tough .
it 's definitely going to be tough .
it 's going to be tough .
it 's got to be tough .
this is going to be tough .
it 's going to be tough .
it 's going .
you 're gon na have it hard .
it 's tough .
i 'm sick of your late night visit .
i 'm sick of your evening visit .
i 'm annoyed that you came by late at night .
i 'm sick of your late night visits .
i 'm sick of your late night visit .
i 'm sick of your evening visit .
i 'm sick of your evening visit .
and i 'm sick of your evening visits .
i 'm really sick of your late night visit .
and i 'm sick of your evening visits .
i 'll kill her in half an hour .
you 'll kill her in half an hour .
we 'll kill her in half an hour .
you wo n't kill her in half an hour .
kill the woman in half an hour .
you 'll only kill her half way through .
you have to wait until half the way and kill her in half an hour .
in the end , only thirty five minutes kill .
kill her 30 minutes !
you ca n't wait for half an hour to kill her .
but as a matter of fact , it seems like all these women have a habit of talking like tramps .
it seems like all these women have a habit of talking like bitches .
it 's like we 're talking about hookers today , which is typical for every dame .
so everyone , dressed as tramps , seems the usual thing to do today .
it seems like a woman 's habit today is to talk like a whore .
but talks like a whore looks like a habit for every woman today .
it seems like all these women have a habit of talking like bitches .
women like tramps seem to have become a habit in today 's dames .
but women like tramps seem to have become a habit for every woman today .
as a matter of fact , it seems that speaking like a whore is the usual thing for all women today .
, he was smiling proudly , even though he was in such dire circumstances .
despite their terrible condition , they always smiled with pride .
despite the terrible conditions , when they smiled , they were always proud .
even their smiles , even this time , continued to be proud of themselves .
despite their suffering , their more pride was still in their smile .
but in these horrible circumstances , i 'm sure , the smiles were always proud even .
despite their suffering , smiles will remain proud of them .
although they were in terrible conditions , their smiles are always proud of them .
but even in these horrible circumstances , even so their cheerful smile was his own pride .
despite now , such conditions have been proud of their smile .
i 'm sure there 's some kind of magic explanation , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
there must be some kind of mystical explanation for that , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
there must be some kind of mystical explanation for that , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
damon is likely to drink hydrochloric acid , but alcohol is also in it .
there must have been some kind of mystical explanation for that , because damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
but damon drinks hydrochloric acid , and the damon is completely out of it .
i have a witch to explain , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
there 's probably a witchy way to explain it , but damon actually drinks hydrochloric acid .
damon 's source is hydrochloric acid . . . ! . . but he actually drinks it .
i 'm sure there 's some kind of magic explanation , but damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
you should n't have any violence .
you should n't have made sure there 's no violence .
you should n't have made sure there was no violence .
i should have made sure there was no violence .
and you should n't have ensured that there would be no violence .
i 'd assume you did n't want any violence .
you should n't have taken any violence .
you should n't have ensured that there was no violence .
and you should have taken care of the violence .
you should n't worry about any violence .
they do n't have an exact number .
he did n't know the exact number .
he does n't have an exact number .
he could n't pinpoint the exact number .
they do n't have to set an exact number .
it was n't an exact number .
he did n't have to specify the exact number .
it could n't be determined exactly .
he does n't have an exact number .
i do n't know the exact number .
do you want to go for lunch ?
shall we go to eat again ?
we 're going for lunch .
did you want to go for lunch ?
we 're not going for lunch ?
we 're going to have lunch again .
shall we go dining ?
we 're not going to have lunch anymore ?
are we going to have lunch again ?
do you want to go for lunch ?
dave 's going to play ?
dave 's still going to play today ?
does dave want to play again ?
is dave still going to play today ?
dave 's going to play today ?
is dave going to play today ?
is david going tonight ?
does dave still play here ?
is he going to play dave tonight ?
is dave playing today ?
it 's a good luck .
i 'll wish you luck .
it 's good luck .
it 's a fortune !
it 's your lucky day !
my good luck .
you 're a lucky man .
it 's your luck .
you 're my luck .
we wish good luck .
i have to admit it was an honor to work with you two .
i 'm sure i have to admit it was an honor to work with you .
i have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
i have to admit it was an honor to work with you two .
i 'd have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
i 'd have to admit i was happy to work with you both .
i must confess that i was happy to work with both of you .
i have to admit i was happy to work with you both .
i have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
i have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
i 'm sure it does n't drain ?
i hope it does n't drain ?
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain ?
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain .
i hope it does n't drain .
i 'm sure it will increase the number of deaths .
it is possible that the number of deaths will increase .
we have to wait for rapid increases in the number of deaths .
we 're sure it will increase the number of deaths .
otherwise the total number of deaths should be increased .
it means that the number of deaths will rise .
you hope that the number of deaths will rise .
it is possible that the number of deaths will increase .
i 'm sure it will increase the number of deaths .
otherwise we have to expect rapid increases in the number of casualties .
the bank is very worried .
the bank is very worried about the risk .
the bank is afraid .
he 's too risky for the bank .
the bank is afraid of the risks .
the bank considers too risky .
the banks are too risky .
the bank is worried about the risk .
the bank is very worried about the risk .
he 's too risky for the bank .
the examiner asks for an apology .
the examiner will send an apology .
the examiner is apologizing for that .
the examiner apologizes to him .
the examiner will apologize to him .
the examiner wants to apologize .
the examiner is sending an apology .
his apology is coming to you , examiner .
the examiner is apologized for that .
an apology will be sent to him , detective .
he 's gon na make our whole family a problem ?
it 's supposed to be a whole family 's problem ?
we 're gon na have a whole family in trouble ?
we 're having a whole family problem ?
he 's also gon na cause problems for our whole family ?
so he 's gon na make a big deal out of our family ?
we 're going to the whole family 's troubles ?
the family is going to be in trouble ?
is it going to happen to our whole family ?
this is going to happen to our whole family ?
there 's something lurking in the hallway .
is there something wrong with that passage ?
there 's something in the hallway ?
is there anything in the hallway ?
there 's something that lurks in that hallway ?
there 's something creeping up the corridor ?
there 's something wrong with that passageway ?
there 's something in the hallway ?
there 's a thing in that hallway ?
is there anything in the hallway ?
the mysterious figure she created was a secret system for sending people .
the mysterious figure in her hand created it .
the mystery of her creation gave him the basis for a secret system of applications .
the mysterious figure gave her a secret system of calls for help .
this mystery figure from her created it with a secret system of applications .
the mysterious figure in her hand created a secret system to send messages .
the mysterious figure of her created it so she could create a secret system of sending letters .
the mysterious figure created it with a secret system of applications .
the mysterious figure he has created has created a secret system of applications .
the mysterious figure in her hand created a secret system for sending mail .
i 'm sure we 'll be lucky .
we 're lucky .
i 'm just lucky .
and i 'm lucky .
then i 'm lucky .
we 're just lucky .
but i 'm lucky .
i 'm lucky .
i 'm just lucky .
i 'm lucky .
the entire city of london is locked up , and all residents are trapped there .
the whole london is locked up , all population members trapped .
london is locked up , and all residents are trapped in this place . . .
the city is closed .
the whole london was locked up , and all residents were there .
and all of london is closed , so the population is trapped in this place .
and london is a closed city , and the population is all over .
london is closed , and everyone is trapped here .
the whole london is closed , and the population is being held in this place .
london is now locked up , and all residents of this place are trapped here .
it 's not going to happen so fast !
it 's not happening so fast !
it 's not supposed to happen so fast !
it 's not going to happen so fast !
it 's never going to happen so fast !
it 's gon na happen so fast !
it 's not going to happen so fast !
it 's not happening !
it 's not quick !
it 's not going to happen so quickly !
they love the award for daring actors .
that the electorate likes brave actresses .
the electorate is fond of daring actresses .
talent is popular with voters .
i 'm sure the electorate likes brave actresses .
i 'm sure the electorate likes brave actresses .
award is a brave actress .
voters adore the bravery of actresses .
they love actresses who are courageous .
the prize is the love of a brave actress .
the commission aims to fully integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the commission has decided to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the main priority is to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the integration of environmental issues into policy dialogue continues to be a top priority for the commission .
it is imperative to fully integrate environmental issues into the policy dialogue .
the commission is keen to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the commission wanted to include environmental issues in its policy dialogue .
the commission is keen to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the eesc priority is to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
the commission will seek to integrate environmental issues into policy dialogue .
do n't fail the students !
you did n't have a student .
your student did n't succeed .
you did n't fail !
you ca n't fail a student .
you do n't have a student .
student did n't succeed .
student did n't do it .
your student did n't do it .
you ca n't fail !
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot !
you 're an asshole !
you 're an assholes !
you 're an idiot !
you 're an idiot for me !
you 're an idiot !
you 're such idiots !
you 're idiot .
you 're an idiot !
i wo n't kill my best friend .
i 'm sure i wo n't murder my best friend .
i do n't murder my best friend .
i do n't kill my best friend .
i wo n't be killed by my best friend .
i wo n't let you kill my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
i do n't want to kill my best friend .
he wo n't kill my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
it 's really nice .
he 's quite handsome !
it 's beautiful !
it 's big , beautiful . . . and so much .
it 's really nice .
it 's really nice of him .
it 's really beautiful , real and everything !
it 's an architect !
it 's really nice .
he 's very , very nice .
he looks really good .
she looks beautiful .
he looks really good .
this looks really good .
he looks really good .
and he looks amazing .
she looks beautiful here .
she looks really good .
and that 's great .
that looks really good .
they do n't have an engine .
i did n't have an engine .
he does n't have an engine .
i do n't have an engine .
he does n't have an engine .
they do n't have an engine .
because he did n't have an engine .
he does n't even have an engine .
and he did n't have an engine .
and he does n't have an engine .
i 'm sure it will hurt him and my feelings .
it would be painful for him and my feelings .
it 's also going to hurt him and my feelings !
it hurts my feeling .
it 's gon na hurt him and my feelings !
it would also hurt my feelings !
i 'd hurt his feelings for him .
i 'd be more concerned about his feelings than mine .
i 'm worried about his feelings for me .
it 's got to hurt him and my feelings !
we 're going 50 percent .
let 's go to 50 .
we 're going to 50 percent .
we 're going to be 50 .
let 's do 50 .
it 's going to be 50 .
this is going to be 50 .
let 's only go to 50 .
so let 's go to 50 .
it 's supposed to be 50 .
i have no idea !
i had no idea !
i have no idea !
i had no idea !
i had no idea !
i have no know .
i had no idea !
i had no idea !
i have no idea !
i had no idea !
willzai will save the xene ship .
the planet will be saved by captain wobbo .
the planet xene will save captain wobbo !
will be saved by the planet xene .
the entire planet will save captain wobbo !
xenon on the other hand will save captain wobbo .
the planet will save captain wobbo !
xenon will be saved by captain wobbo .
the xenons will save captain wobbo !
that planet will save the life of captain wobbo .
why do n't you check out ?
why do you want to see her today ?
why do n't you check it out ?
why do n't you see her today ?
why do you see her here today ?
why do n't you look at her today ?
why do n't you see her today ?
why do n't you see him around today ?
why do n't you look at her today ?
why do you look at her today ?
he 's not going to be any third world country .
there 's no third world country going on .
he 's not going to any third world country .
there wo n't be any third world country .
there 's going to be no third world country !
there will be no country from the third world .
there 's no country that 's not third world .
there will be no third world country !
we do n't want to be third world countries .
there 's not going to be any third world country .
you 're not dying that fast !
you 're not dying .
you 're not dying so fast .
you 're not dying that fast !
you 're not going to die so quickly !
you 're not dying so fast .
he 's not going to die so fast .
you 're not quick .
you 're not supposed to die so fast .
he 's not dying so fast .
i 'm sure you 're screaming .
i heard your scream .
i hear your scream .
i heard your scream .
that 's what you scream .
i 'll listen to your screaming .
i heard your scream .
i 'm familiar with your screams .
that 's how you scream .
it 's what you scream .
it 's not enough for a couple of weeks .
but it 's not enough for two weeks .
it 's not for a couple of weeks .
it 's not enough .
he 's got nothing for two weeks .
it 's not possible for two weeks .
it 's been two weeks .
it 's not going to be enough for two weeks .
it 's not like two weeks .
but it 's not enough for a couple of weeks .
did mr paddick dance with you ?
did mr paddick dance ?
has mr paddick danced with you ?
is mr paddick dancing ?
did paddick dance too ?
did paddick dance with you ?
did paddick want to dance ?
did paddick dance ?
did mr paddick dance ?
did paddick want to dance ?
are n't you kidding , dad ?
are you kidding me ?
are you crazy , dad ?
are n't you kidding , dad ?
are n't you kidding me , dad ?
you do n't like jokes , dad .
are you sure it 's not a joke ?
are n't you kidding me , grandpa ?
you 're not kidding me , are you ?
are you joking about me ?
you could n't have forgotten such a day .
he has n't forgotten such a day .
it 's not going to be forgotten today .
i could n't have forgotten one of those days .
you wo n't be able to forget this day .
it does n't have to be forgotten for one day .
this day ca n't be forgotten .
he 's never forgotten such a day .
this day will never be forgotten .
you ca n't forget this day .
there should have been a flight for peter connelly .
i 'm sure peter connelly would have taken the plane tonight .
peter 's connelly should have taken the plane today .
the plane 's captain should have taken peter connelly out tonight .
there should have been a flight for peter connelly .
the peter connelly should have the plane tonight .
should have been on the plane tonight .
peter 's connelly should have the plane tonight .
there should have been a flight for peter connelly .
peter connelly should have the plane tonight .
are you kidding me ?
do you want to joke ?
are you an asshole ?
do you have it ?
are you on the joke ?
are you kidding ?
do you have any jokes ?
are you an idiot ?
is it a joke ?
do you have fun ?
it 's going to change his mood !
that 's what can change his mood !
i 'm sure his mood will change .
it 's supposed to change his mood !
the mood may change him .
the mood may have changed .
the mood may be different .
he might be able to change his mood .
i 'll change his mood .
the mood may also change him .
he 's got three goals .
11th thunderstorms . . . are three objectives .
he 's got three goals .
i 'll give you three goals .
thunder 11 . . . three targets !
11 , that 's three goals .
thunder , three targets !
thunder , three targets !
i only have three .
thunder eleven . . . one goal , three targets .
will they be able ?
can he do it ?
will they be doing ?
can it be this ?
can it be ?
could it be done ?
can it be here ?
do they have it ?
does he get capable ?
could it be ?
you have to go to sleep .
i 'm going to bed .
i have to go to sleep .
let 's go to sleep .
he 's going to sleep .
i 'm going to sleep .
i 'll go to sleep .
you 're going to sleep .
i have to go to sleep .
time to go to sleep !
he 's got my friends !
there 's my friend .
he 's got my friends !
there 's a friend !
i 'll have my friends there .
i have friends here !
there 's a bunch of my friends .
it 's a friend !
he 's having my friends !
he 's gon na have my friends !
are you okay ?
is it okay ?
is it okay ?
you all right ?
are you all right ?
are you okay here ?
was it good ?
are you all right ?
was it good ?
is it okay here ?
helena was so worried .
but helena was afraid of that .
helena was worried about that .
helena was afraid .
helena was never afraid .
helen was very worried about that .
helena was worried about that .
helena was n't afraid .
helena was n't worried .
it was n't bad .
and he 's opening the door and not leaving any prints ?
he 's not leaving any prints ?
he 's not leaving any prints at the gate ?
he 's not gon na open the door and leave no prints ?
is he opening yet and leaving no prints ?
is he still opening the door but leaving no prints ?
he 's not leaving ?
so he 's opening the door and not leaving any prints ?
he 's opening the door and not leaving any prints ?
you 're not leaving any prints at the gate ?
what about your majesty ?
you command your majesty !
by your order .
command your majesty .
it 's your order !
the highness is in command !
the order belongs to your majesty !
your majesty will command !
to your majesty 's order !
your majesty is asking !
the complication is predictable .
the complication is waiting .
the complication is expected .
the complication is in line .
his complication is predictable .
the complication is predictability .
the complication is a certainty .
the complications are predictable .
the complication is predictable for her .
the complication is to be expected .
okay , so we 'll talk about it .
okay , we 'll talk .
okay , we 'll be talking about this .
okay , we 'll talk about it .
okay , we 'll talk about it .
we 'll talk about it .
okay , so we 're gon na talk about it .
okay , but we 'll talk about it .
we 're gon na talk about this .
okay , okay , let 's talk about it !
it 's a gym .
it 's our gym !
there 's our gym !
there 's a gym .
it 's a great gym .
he 's got a gym .
here 's our gym !
and it 's a gym .
here 's our gym !
it 's our gym 's place !
esk bit her lip and then flashed in her mind he was going to send her home in shame .
esk bit her lip and imagined how they would send her home and left her speechless .
eska bit her lip and then thought he was going to send her home in shame .
eska bit her lip , and then she imagined how they would send her home in shame .
eska bit her lip and imagined how they would send her home in shame .
esk bit her lip and then she imagined how they would send her home in shame .
eska bit her lip and imagined the way they would send her home in shame .
eska bit her lip and then thought he was going to send her home in shame .
esk bit her lip and imagined the way they would send her home in shame .
eska bit her lip and then thought he was going to send her home in shame .
it 's going to be a perpetual shadow on south park .
he 's casting a perpetual shadow on south park .
it 's going to be a perpetual shadow on south park .
we 're casting a perpetual shadow on south park .
it 's supposed to be south park 's eternal shadow .
the southern park will become an eternal shadow .
we 're going to the eternal shadow of south park .
it 's become a perpetual shadow of south park .
the southern park will remain in perpetual shadow .
there 's a perpetual shadow over south park .
i 'm sure you do n't have a chance .
he does n't have to have any chance .
he does n't stand a chance .
i would n't have any chance .
you do n't have to have any chance .
i would n't be able to have any chance .
we do n't have any chance .
you ca n't have any chance .
i do n't think there 's any chance .
he would n't be able to have any chance .
we know jasmine ca n't be picked until morning .
we know to pick jasmine before the sun rises .
jasmine ca n't be picked before the sun rises .
we know what it 's like to pick jasmine before dawn .
jasmine ca n't be picked until morning .
jasmine does n't have to be picked before the sun rises .
jasmine ca n't be picked before the sun rises .
jasmine ca n't be here before the sun rises .
we ca n't afford to pick jasmine before dawn .
i 'm sure everyone knows jasmine can be picked up at dawn .
my decision was to write my memoirs .
the decision was to write my memoirs .
she wanted to write my memoirs .
i was interested in writing a memoir .
my intention is to write my memoirs .
i 'm interested in writing memoirs .
the idea of my memoirs came to mind .
everyone wanted to write my memoirs .
i wanted to write my memoirs .
it was necessary to write my memoirs .
it does n't make any more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
we do n't get anything more than a vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
it wo n't be anything more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
we do n't want to hear anything more than a vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
it does n't have to be anything more than a vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
he did n't make any more than a vague rumor , like an alien who was supposed to be in hangar 18 .
it wo n't be more than a vague rumour , like an alien in hangar 18 .
i wo n't be any more than another vague rumor , like an alien who was supposed to be in hangar 18 .
it wo n't be anything more than a vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
it does n't look like another vague rumor , like an alien in hangar 18 .
just stand by vorbis if he wants , even if he does n't want to last night .
stand by vorbisa , wherever he is , and he 'll do what he wanted to do yesterday .
all he had to do yesterday was stand by vorbis , and no matter the day or night he wanted to do it .
standing by vorbis is everything , and he does n't care where , okay , he 's done last night , whatever .
he 's not taking care of vorbis at all , even though he did what he wanted last night .
he stood by vorbis regardless of where he was , and if he had , he would still be on his way last night .
the same stand with vorbis if and when he wanted to do it , not just the day of the night .
he 's standing by vorbis , he does n't care where or when , he did n't sleep last night .
no matter what he did last night , he stood by vorbis , no matter where he was , or when he would have done it .
at night , however , the vorbis stand by him , regardless of where he was , even if he wanted to do it yesterday .
stilgar did n't see the answer to that question .
stilgar did n't feel able to answer that question .
stilgar was aware that he could not answer the question .
stilgar did n't see himself answering that question .
stilgar could not be able to answer that question .
stilgar did n't feel like answering that question .
stilgar did n't know how to answer that question .
stilgar was not sure he would answer that question .
stilgar could not answer the question .
stilgar did n't see the answer to that question .
this day is weird .
it was an odd day !
this day was weird .
it was weird today .
it was a really weird day !
it was really weird .
it was an odd last day .
we were weird .
that was an odd day .
that was weird .
i ca n't be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i ca n't be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'm not going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'll be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i ca n't stay as santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i ca n't keep going as santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'll be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'm sure i ca n't stay santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i ca n't stay as santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i ca n't stay as santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
do you feel good scooby doo ?
are you all right , scooby ?
are you in good shape scooby doo ?
are you okay , scooby doo ?
ok , scooby doo .
you you scooby doo ?
all right , scooby ?
do you have any feelings for scooby doo ?
are you okay with scooby doo ?
are you all right scooby doo ?
we have an amazing list on sunday .
we 're making an excellent sunday list .
we have an extremely good sunday list .
we 're going to have an amazing sunday list .
we have an excellent sunday list .
we got an amazing list on sunday .
we have an absolutely amazing sunday .
we have an amazing sunday list .
we got an excellent sunday list .
we 're going to the main list sunday .
envoy did n't even need the commander .
the envoy did not feel necessary to the commander .
envoy did n't even need for the commander .
envoy therefore did not need the commander .
the envoy did not need to be commanded by the commander .
envoy did n't need there any more of the commander .
envoy did n't even have to be a commander .
envoy did not need the commander at the moment .
envoy did not feel obligated to the commander .
envoy does n't even need the commander .
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die here !
i prefer to die !
i prefer to die !
i prefer it to die !
what kind of monster can do that ?
what was wrong with the monster ?
what kind of monster can do that ?
what 's capable of doing such a monster ?
what monster can do that ?
what was the possibility of a monster ?
what happened to the monster ?
what a monster can do that ?
what kind of monster is that ?
who could do that ?
we 've killed him !
we 're killing him .
we 're looking for a traitor .
we 've killed with him !
we 've killed him !
he 's killed a tracker .
we 've got to kill him .
we have been killed !
he 's got a traitor killed .
we 're gon na kill him .
this unit can find itself in all processors because of math .
this unit appears to be found in all processors because they are mathematical .
we have such a unit in all processors , which is due to math .
this unit can find all processors because they 're math .
this unit is the same for all processors .
this unit is found to be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
this unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
these units tend to be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
this unit in all processors can form mathematical units .
this unit can be found in all processors because they 're mathematical .
it does n't have to be so easy to treat physical injuries , but emotional scars disappear in a heartbeat .
your body can heal easily , but it is not easy to get rid of emotional scars .
physical is very easy to treat , but emotional is not so easy .
physical injuries can be easily cured , but emotional injuries do n't disappear so easily .
it is easy to heal bodily injuries , but emotional scars do n't disappear so easily .
body injuries heal quickly , but an emotional scar , it makes it difficult to get rid of .
an injury to the body can be easily cured , but an emotional injury to a man does n't disappear so easily .
physical injuries may be easy to treat , although emotional injuries are not so easy .
the body can be cured easily , but it is difficult to remove emotional scars .
we can treat physical injuries , but emotional injuries are not going to disappear so easily .
let 's talk about our mental health .
let 's talk about our mental health .
so let 's talk about our mental health .
let 's just talk about our mental health .
so let 's talk about our mental health .
so let 's discuss mental health .
now let 's talk about mental health .
now let 's talk about mental health .
let 's talk about our mental health .
let 's talk about mental health today
he 'll be back tonight .
he 'll probably come back tonight .
now he 'll come back tonight .
now he 'll be back tonight .
he 'll be back by tonight .
he 'll be back tonight .
he 'll probably come back tonight .
he 'll come back tonight .
he 'll be back in the evening .
he 'll come back tonight .
it 's beautiful !
it 's so beautiful .
it 's a beautiful thing .
it 's a beauty .
that 's beautiful !
it 's so beautiful .
that 's so beautiful .
they 're beautiful !
they 're so beautiful !
that 's a beautiful thing .
some people began to doubt the investment .
these investments have raised many doubts among investors .
many people seemed to doubt the investment .
some people seem to have doubts about this investment .
these investments were questioned by many people .
even some people were skeptical of the investment .
a lot of people seemed to doubt the investments .
people began to doubt the investments .
some people used to doubt such investments .
a lot of people have raised doubts about this investment .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about that .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about it .
i 'll forget about it .
i want to forget about it .
i 'll forget about it .
we have to forget this .
i 'll forget about that .
i 'll forget about that .
has a chopper .
the chopper is coming .
has a helicopter for us .
there 's a chopper coming .
there was a helicopter over there .
there was a helicopter .
has a helicopter flown in .
hass got a helicopter !
there will be a helicopter .
there 's in a helicopter !
all flavors are complementary .
each flavor is complementary .
each flavor is very complementary .
all tastes is complementary .
everything is very complementary .
each flavor is complementary to the other .
everything is complementary .
all flavors are very complementary .
each other flavor is complementary .
each taste is complementary .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed for the northern edge .
as adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed for the northern edge .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he moved cautiously toward the northern edge .
as adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed north toward the border .
as she wiped the dust off her gloves , adjunct went over to the northern edge and headed it in the direction of the north .
as adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed for the northern edge .
as adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he moved cautiously toward the northern edge .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed north and headed for the northern edge .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed for the northern edge .
when adjunct wiped the dust off his gloves , he headed north toward the border .
i 'm sure we have no choice , '' appius snapped .
'i 'm not going anywhere , 'said appius angrily .
'i could n't have escaped , 'said appius .
'i 'm afraid not , 'appius snapped .
'we could n't have escaped , 'appius barked .
'we could not escape , 'said appius .
'i do n't see , 'appius snapped .
'we 're not going anywhere , 'appius snapped .
'we could n't escape , 'appius said .
'i did n't have a choice , 'appius snapped .
just calm down .
slowly , calm down .
no , calm down .
just calm down .
come on , calm down .
all right , calm down .
just calm down .
calm down .
calm down , calm down .
and calm down .
you do n't have to be afraid of anything , man , because your little dick wo n't be found .
do n't be afraid of anything , buddy , 'cause he wo n't find your dick .
do n't be scared , buddy , 'cause he 's gon na never find your dick .
do n't worry , buddy , 'cause he 's not gon na find your dick .
you do n't have anything to worry about , man , because he wo n't find your dick .
you do n't have to be afraid of anything , 'cause he wo n't find your little dick .
do n't worry , buddy , 'cause he 's not gon na find your little dick .
do n't worry because he wo n't find your little dick .
do n't worry , buddy , 'cause he 's not gon na find your dick .
you do n't have to be afraid of anything , you 'll never find your little prick .
it ca n't work .
it 's not working .
it ca n't even work .
it ca n't work .
it ca n't .
it ca n't work .
it 's not working .
but it ca n't be !
but it ca n't work .
but it ca n't be !
did you bring a dollar ?
did you bring a dollar ?
did you bring the dollars ?
do you have a dollar ?
did you bring the dollars ?
do you have a dollar ?
did you bring the dollar bill ?
did you bring the dollar too ?
did you bring dollars ?
did you bring dollars ?
unable to connect to properties page .
unable to connect to properties page
unable to connect to properties page
property page connection failed .
unable to connect to properties page .
property page failed .
failed to connect to properties page .
unable to connect with properties page because s . s
unable to connect to properties page because s .
unable to connect to properties page because s
did anyone see anything ?
did anyone see anything ?
did anyone see a thing ?
did you see anything ?
did anyone see anything ?
does anyone see anything ?
did anyone see anything ?
did you see anything ?
did anyone see him ?
did anyone see anything ?
i have much work to do tomorrow .
i have much work to do tomorrow .
we 're doing a lot of work tomorrow .
i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
i have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
we have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
i have much work to do tomorrow .
i have a lot of work tomorrow .
i have a lot of work for tomorrow .
what 's so cute ?
is that nice ?
what 's so cute ?
is he cute ?
is he cute ?
is n't that cute ?
is that so cute ?
is that so cute ?
are you cute ?
is n't that cute ?
let 's ignore what you 've just told me .
i 'll be ignoring what you 've just told me .
i 'll be ignoring what you 're saying .
all right , i 'll ignore what you 're saying .
i 'll just be ignoring what you 're saying .
i 'll just be ignoring what you 're saying .
i 'll forget what you told me .
i 'll just ignore what you 're telling me !
i 'll just ignore what you 're telling me !
i 'll ignore what you 're telling me !
the muslims kill them .
the muslims have died .
the muslims kill muslimans .
the muslims killed them .
the muslim kills them .
the muslims are dead .
the muslims want to kill them .
the muslim killed them .
the muslims continues to kill .
the muslims killed muslimans .
we have an operation to do or he will die .
we have an operation to do or he will die .
we have to operate , or he will die .
we have to operate him , or he will die .
we need him to operate , or he will die .
we have a need to operate , or he will die .
i have him operated , or he 's going to die .
we still have to operate , or he 's going to die .
he has to be operated , or he 's going to die !
we have an operation to do , or he will die .
did the turk fall into the trap ?
did the turk catch the trick ?
did the turk catch an ambush ?
did the turk come to the trap ?
was the turkey caught in the trap ?
did turk fall into an ambush ?
did the turk catch him ?
did the turk catch some of the traps ?
did the turk have an ambush ?
did the turks fall into the trap ?
do you have a description ?
do you know a description ?
do you know her ?
do you know her ?
do you have a description ?
do you have description ?
do you have a description ?
do you want to describe something ?
are you a description ?
do you have descriptions ?
are you kidding me ?
is that a joke ?
are you a joke ?
is it a joke ?
is that a joke ?
are you a joke ?
is it a joke ?
are you in a joking situation ?
it 's a joke .
is that a joke ?
it 's gon na be hard .
it 's supposed to be hard .
it 's gon na be hard .
it 's going to be hard .
it 's really gon na be hard .
it 's going to be tough !
it 's gon na be hard .
it 's gon na be hard .
it 's hard .
you 're gon na have it hard .
did you see the man after his brother 's death ?
did you see the guy who killed your brother ?
did you see him from his brother 's death ?
did you see the man to kill your brother ?
did you see the man to your brother 's death ?
did you see him from his brother 's death ?
did you see the man to kill your brother ?
did you see him from his brother 's death ?
did you see him after his brother 's death ?
did you see the man after his brother 's death ?
he had no right to throw money away when he felt strong .
by throwing money away , he was able to feel strong .
when he threw money away , it gave him a sense of power .
it was useless to throw money away when he felt strong .
he used the money to make a strong impression .
to throw money away , it would give him a sense of power .
he gave them the power to throw money away .
when he threw money away , it gave him a sense of power .
if he threw money around , he was sure he was going to be strong .
he felt strong only when he threw money away .
did we want to go to the mountains and build a house ?
do you want to go to the mountains and build a house ?
are we going to climb mountains and build a house ?
would we like to go to the mountains and build a house ?
do you want to go to the mountains and build a house ?
are we going to climb mountains and build a house ?
are we going to the mountains to build a house ?
are we going to the mountains to build a house ?
are we really going to climb mountains and build a house ?
are we going to climb mountains and build a house ?
i 'd like to save the presentation before you record it , or before you start broadcasting .
it is to store the presentation before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
it is necessary to save the presentation before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
you need to save this presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
it is recommended to save the presentation before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
the presentation needs to be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
it is necessary to save the presentation before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
i 'll save the presentation before you start recording , editing , or starting the broadcast .
i recommend you save the presentation before you start recording , drawing up and starting the broadcast .
the presentation is required to be saved before the record , the timetable , or the start of the broadcast .
we 're still waiting for your father .
he wants to talk to his father .
we want to talk to our father !
we 're just gon na talk to dad .
we 're just gon na talk to my dad .
we want to talk to our father !
i 'm sure we should talk to dad .
it 's just to talk to my dad .
we 're just waiting for your father .
we 're just asking your father .
the capacity of the office should be strengthened .
it is necessary to strengthen the capacity of the office .
the agency needs to be strengthened in other capacities .
the agency is needed to strengthen its capacity .
the capacity of the agency must be further strengthened .
the agency is necessary to strengthen its capacity .
our agency needs to be strengthened .
i are sure that the agency will strengthen its capacity .
it is necessary to strengthen the capacity of the office .
the capacity of the office should also be strengthened .
this decision fails to provide an explicit extension of the deadline .
the decision is worded not specifically to extend the deadline .
this decision is yet to provide for an explicit extension of the deadline .
this decision expressly fails to extend the deadline .
the decision failed to provide for an explicit extension of the deadline .
the decision makes no explicit provision for an extension of the deadline .
the decision expressly provides for an extension of the deadline .
this decision is expressly designed to extend the deadline .
the decisions fail to provide an explicit extension of the deadline .
the decision shall expressly provide an extension of the deadline .
he 's a handsome lad .
what a handsome young man !
he 's a very handsome lad .
what a handsome boy !
that 's a nice guy .
he 's a nice young man .
he was a nice lad .
what a handsome boy !
what an interesting lad !
what a handsome boy !
he breathed a sigh of hatred and raged at all of humanity .
he breathed a sigh of hatred and raged at all of humanity .
his final minutes were filled with rage and revulsion at all human beings .
but his last minute was filled with rage and revulsion at all human beings .
he was taken aback by the last minute and raged against all of humanity .
he breathed a sigh of hatred and was raging against all of humanity .
he lived in the last few minutes and raged against all of humanity .
the minutes were full of hatred and raged against all of humanity .
his last minute was a raging hatred and raged against all of humanity .
his last moments in life were filled with rage and hatred for all of humanity .
he 's about to escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
he runs because he fears st clara 's vision .
he 's afraid because he does n't see saint clara .
he wants to escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
he 's just running out of fear of st clary 's vision .
he runs because afraid of st clary 's vision .
they run because that 's what st clara 's vision is afraid of .
they escape the fear of st clary 's vision .
he 's afraid st clara will not see him .
he runs because he fears st clara 's vision .
i 'll be lucky and nobody gets hurt .
we wo n't be hurt !
we wo n't be lucky .
he 's not going to hurt anyone out of luck .
we wo n't hurt anyone out of luck .
no one will be hurt !
we wo n't hurt anyone .
i wo n't be hurt if i 'm lucky .
nobody would n't be hurt !
i 'm sure it wo n't hurt anyone .
we 're making a big army effort .
we have made an enormous military effort .
we 're focused on the military .
we 've really made an army effort .
we 're working on a massive military effort .
we 're made to make a great military effort .
we 're going to make a big military effort .
we 're still making a big military effort .
we 've made an enormous military effort .
we 're busy in the military .
this is called elena 's wait .
that 's what elena 's song is called .
the song is called elena 's wait .
they call him elena 's waiting song .
the song is called elena 's wait .
they call him elena 's waiting song .
they call it elena 's song when they wait .
i have a song called elena waiting .
this is going to be called elena 's wait .
this is the elena wait song .
i 'm going to the damn ambush !
i 'm going to the damn ambush !
we 've entered a damn trap !
i 'm in a damn trap !
we 're going to the damn trap !
we 've been in a damn trap !
we 're entering a damn trap !
we 've gone to a damn trap !
we entered the damn trap !
we were ambushed by a fucking ambush .
i have plans for the film .
i have a plan .
i have plans for the film .
i have a plan .
i have a planned film .
i 'm planning a film .
i have a planned film .
i have a movie plan !
i have a plan for the film .
i have plans planned for the film .
it 's been a problem for me for the last 10 minutes .
it 's been my problem for the last 10 minutes .
this problem has been my problem for the last 10 minutes .
it 's been me the last 10 minutes .
i have a problem in the last 10 minutes .
i have a problem in the last 10 minutes .
it 's been my problem for the last 10 minutes .
i have a similar problem in the last 10 minutes .
i have a similar problem for the last 10 minutes .
i have a similar problem in the last 10 minutes .
i 'm most likely to use bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
i 'd prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life .
i 'm more likely to use bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
i prefer bay 's theory about two or three stages of life ?
i 'm interested in bay 's theory of two or three stages of life .
did you help us ?
did you tell us ?
did you say to help us ?
did you say a help ?
are you helping us ?
did you tell them to help us ?
did you say a help ?
do you told us ?
do you help us ?
do you help us ?
but technology has improved over time .
but the technology has improved .
but technology is more advanced .
but technologically , everything is better .
only technology has improved .
but the technology is better .
but technology is modern .
yes , but technology has improved .
but technology has also improved .
but technology still remains improved .
it 's impossible to believe he 's getting married in front of me .
it 's not possible to get married in front of me .
it 's impossible to believe he 's getting married in front of me .
he 's not gon na get married in front of me .
it 's not possible to get married in front of me .
he 's definitely going to have shershow 's wedding in front of me .
it 's really hard to believe he 's getting married in front of me .
he 's not supposed to get married in front of me .
it 's incredible that shershow 's wedding is in front of me .
it 's not possible for shershow to get married in front of me .
i 'll execute you for biting the dog .
they 'll execute you for biting the dog .
they 'll execute you for biting the dog .
if i bite the dog , they 'll execute me .
if you bite the dog , they 'll execute you !
you 're gon na be executed for biting the dog .
they 'll execute you the way you bite the dog .
when you bite the dogs , they 'll execute you .
i 'll execute you for biting the dog .
by biting the dog , they 'll execute you .
we have established certain criteria for quality .
we have several requirements for the quality of the product .
we met some qualitative requirements .
we were asked about several quality criteria .
we have agreed to meet certain requirements for quality .
we were asked to meet certain quality criteria .
some requirements are met .
there were some requirements for quality .
we have agreed on several criteria relating to quality .
we have to meet certain criteria for quality .
brock began to move his lips without a sound .
brock moved until he made no sound .
brock moved forward , as if he had n't heard anything .
brock did n't say anything out of his mouth .
brock began to move his lips so he could not make a sound .
brock moved his lips and did not make a sound .
brock was moving so he could n't make a sound out of his mouth .
brock moved with no sound from his mouth .
brock did n't sound out of his mouth .
he motioned for his lips to make no sound .
i 'm sure i wo n't be calling your wife a whore .
i wo n't let you call your wife a whore !
i wo n't say that your wife is a whore .
i wo n't be offended if i call your wife a whore !
i wo n't be able to tell your wife she 's a whore .
i wo n't even let you call your wife whore .
i wo n't be the one who calls your wife a whore .
i wo n't even say a whore to your wife !
he 's not gon na call your wife a whore !
i wo n't ever let you call my wife a whore .
is the ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
is there anything capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
would any of the boats be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
will the ship withstand a more forceful than its underwater monitor ?
is there any ship capable of resisting the impact of its underwater monitor ?
is his submarine capable of resisting the impact of his underwater camera ?
would the ship be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
does the ship want to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
does the ship be able to withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
is there any other ship i can withstand the impact of its underwater monitor ?
i 'm sure you 'll be lucky .
i 'll prove you 're right .
i 'll prove you 're right .
you 'll be lucky to be right .
i 'll prove you 're right .
you have to be lucky to be right .
i 'm sure you 'll be lucky .
i 'm going to prove you 're right .
i 'm sure you 'll be lucky .
i 'll be lucky to prove you 're right .
it 's just not enough sounds and terrible shrieks .
there 's a sound that makes terrible shrieks . . . ! . . and terrible wriggling noises .
from there 's noise , they make terrible shrieks and then terrible exclamation marks .
they make these terrible shrieks , very ugly , like waivers .
terrible shrieks of death shrieks , terrible wriggling of the wind . . .
it makes terrible shrieks and terrible cuts in the air .
such noises make their own as well as terrible shrieks and wails .
it makes terrible noises with terrible shrieks and terrible wriggling .
it 's a sound of terrible shrieks , just like a terrible waiver .
such a terrible shriek and writhing in pain all over the place , like a terrible waiver .
have you woken up our fearless journalists ?
have you awakened our fearless journalists ?
is a fearless journalist awakened ?
did the fearless journalist wake ?
you want to wake up a fearless journalist ?
did our reporter really wake up ?
the reporter was awake .
was the reporter awake ?
did the reporter wake ?
a fearless journalist awoke .
i 'm sure there 's a solution to negotiation .
it seems to be a solution to negotiation .
maybe we have to negotiate .
maybe it 's going to be a negotiation .
it 's probably going to be a negotiation .
we seem to have a solution to negotiation .
maybe it 's going to be a negotiation .
maybe it 's a negotiation .
the solution seems to be negotiated .
it is possible to find a solution in negotiations .
you 're annoying .
you 're so annoying .
you 're a bad guy !
you 're a nuisance !
you 're so annoying .
you 're a nuisance !
you 're annoying .
you 're annoying people .
you 're so annoying .
you 're not nice !
it 's no joke .
it 's not a joke .
it was a joke .
it 's not fun .
he 's not kidding !
it 's not a good joke .
it was n't a joke .
it 's not funny .
it 's a good joke .
it 's nonsense .
there 's no cd stolen from the cars .
we do n't have any cd in the stolen cars .
there 's no cd in the car we 're stealing .
there 's no cd in the stolen cars .
we do n't have any cd in the stolen cars .
there 's not going to be any cd in those stolen cars .
there 's no cd in the stolen cars .
there 's no cd in the stolen cars .
there 's not a cd in the stolen cars .
there 's not a cd in the cars we 're stealing .
she was really terrible to me .
the girl was terrible to me .
she was terrible to me .
it was a terrible feeling .
it gave me a terrible feeling .
she was really terrible .
the girl gave me a terrible feeling .
the girl was a terrible feeling .
it was terrible for her .
it was a terrible terrible feeling .
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see in jaws the film ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see the film with jaws ?
did you see jaws in the film ?
did you see jaw in the movie ?
morak raised his swords .
morak stepped forward and raised his sword .
morak stepped forward and raised his sword .
morak took a step forward and raised his sword .
morak raised his swords in a higher position .
morak raised his crossbow .
morak raised his sword .
morak stood up and raised his sword .
morak raised his swords again .
morak stepped forward and raised his sword .
he 's scheduled to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 's going to announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 's announcing at a banquet tomorrow .
it 's scheduled for tomorrow 's banquet .
he 's scheduled a statement for tomorrow 's banquet .
he 'll announce at a banquet tomorrow .
he 's scheduled a statement for tomorrow 's banquet .
he 'll announce it at a banquet tomorrow .
he 's got a statement for tomorrow 's banquet .
we watched a wonderful film .
it 's a beautiful movie .
we watched the film .
it 's beautiful to watch the film .
it 's amazing to watch the film .
it 's a movie .
we were amazing at the film .
it 's very nice to watch the film .
it was nice to watch the film .
we watched the film with great pleasure .
teresa did not expect peter to think of such a thing .
teresa did not expect peter to think of such a thing .
teresa was not surprised that peter had thought of such a thing .
teresa was surprised that peter had thought of such a thing .
it did n't surprise teresa that peter would have thought of such a thing .
i 'm surprised peter thought of something like this .
teresa was surprised when peter thought of such a thing .
teresa was surprised that peter had thought of such a thing .
it did n't surprise teresa to think of something like this .
teresa did n't expect to think of something like this .
i 'm glad we met .
it 's good to see you .
it 's really nice of you to come .
it makes me so happy to be here .
it 's good to see you .
it 's a pleasure to come .
it 's good that you came .
we 're very happy for you .
nice to see you .
it 's a pleasure you came .
you have 57 seconds !
you have 57 seconds to go !
you have less than 57 seconds .
you have 57 seconds left !
i 'll give you 57 seconds .
there 's only 57 seconds left .
he 's got 57 seconds !
you 've got 57 seconds !
you have to get 57 seconds !
he 's got 57 seconds !
no one wanted to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one told him not to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one was going to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one said a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one told him when his friend was staring at him .
no one was able to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one even wanted to say a word when his friend was staring at him .
no one said anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one had allowed him to say anything when his friend was staring at him .
no one said a word when his friend was staring at him .
the secrets lie with the work of federal scientists on an ongoing investigation .
these secrets reveal the work of federal scientists on an ongoing investigation .
the secret of her secret is the work of federal scientists on an ongoing investigation .
the secret of her secret is under investigation by federal scientists all day .
the secrets of her secret are the work of federal scientists on a daily basis .
the secret is the work of federal scientists on an ongoing investigation .
the federal science has a secret job in probing her .
the secrets of her secret are on a daily basis of federal scientists .
the secrets are guarded by federal scientists on a daily basis .
the science department has a secret job of investigating her all day .
we 're running out of alcohol , and there 's probably a reason .
and there 's a reason for it .
we 're drunk , and it 's because of it .
we 've got alcohol , and it 's due .
we 're running out of alcohol , which is why .
we 've got alcohol , and it 's because of it .
we have alcohol out , and that is why .
we 're without alcohol , and it 's because of it .
and it 's a cause of alcohol .
and there 's a reason for it .
you do n't have a son 's breast feeding responsibility .
you ca n't breastfeed your own son .
you ca n't breastfeed your son on your own .
you do n't have a responsibility for your son 's breast feeding .
you do n't have to breastfeed your own son .
you ca n't be breast feeding your son .
i 'm sure you ca n't breastfeed your son .
you ca n't breastfeed your own son sofia .
you do n't have that responsibility for your son 's breast feeding .
you wo n't be responsible for your son 's breast feeding .
let 's go get some coffee .
let 's go get some coffee .
i 'll get you some coffee .
so let 's go get some coffee .
it 's a coffee !
so let 's get some coffee .
now let 's get some coffee .
so let 's go get some coffee .
let 's just get some coffee .
and let 's go get some coffee .
with such fun , i 'll be rich .
i 'll be rich from this funny fool .
but the one with the funny thing , i 'm sure i 'll get rich .
i 'll be rich from this funny fool .
at least , i 'll get rich from this funny fool .
out of this funny fool , i 'm rich .
so funny of you , but i 'll get rich .
if i laugh at this funny fool , i 'll be rich .
i 'll be rich from this funny fool .
i hope , even if i 'm a funny fool , i 'll be rich .
i wo n't do anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
i do n't do anything wrong .
we do n't do anything right .
i wo n't be doing anything wrong .
i wo n't do anything wrong .
it does n't do anything right .
you do n't have to do anything wrong .
it 's exciting !
it 's so exciting !
it 's a great thrill .
it 's so exciting .
it 's an exciting thing .
it 's exciting for me .
it 's such excitement .
it 's really exciting .
it 's exciting for me .
it 's exciting !
i 'm not afraid of these things .
i 'm not afraid of these things .
i 'm not worried about that .
there 's nothing to be afraid of .
there 's nothing to worry about .
i 'm sure you 're not afraid of these things .
do n't be afraid of these things !
no fear of such things .
no need to worry about that .
no worries about that .
it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony !
it 's really going to be a beautiful ceremony .
it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony !
it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony !
it 's going to be a beautiful ceremony !
it 's got a beautiful ceremony going on .
it 's a beautiful ceremony full of pomp .
it 's a beautiful ceremony !
there will be an amazing ceremony .
it 's supposed to be a beautiful ceremony !
a couple of heads stood in the door and around the corner .
only a few heads peeked from the door .
the heads of several people stood around the door and around the corners .
even the doors were open from the corners .
several heads came out of the door and around the corner .
a couple of heads were drawn from the door and around the corner .
a few heads came out from the door and around the corner .
a few heads from the door stood around the corner .
there was a couple of heads in the door at the corners .
a couple of heads shot from the door to the corner .
the printer was ready .
the printer is calibrated !
the printer was calibrated !
the printers are calibrated .
the printer calibrated !
we have a printer .
the printer is calibrating .
the printer is calibrated !
the printer calibrated manually .
the printers were calibrated .
there ca n't be a family .
the people ca n't become a family .
people ca n't become a family .
a man ca n't be a family .
you ca n't be a family .
everyone ca n't be a family .
everyone ca n't be considered a family .
people ca n't be considered a family .
i ca n't be a family .
a man ca n't be considered a family .
maybe anyone can be .
maybe anyone else did it .
maybe he can be .
maybe someone did it .
maybe there 's someone out there .
maybe it 's anyone .
maybe there 's someone lurking there .
maybe someone knows him .
maybe there 's someone .
maybe it 's anyone .
you 're pleasing me with your rod and your staff .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
your staff is comforted by me .
your staff is pleasing me .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
i 'm comforted by your rod and your staff .
i 'm glad you have your rod and your staff .
you 're comforted by your rod and your staff .
the rod is pleasing me .
your staff is soothing to me .
dylan wanted to write about lynching at the circus .
he writes to write about lynching at the circus .
dylan writes to write about lynching at the circus .
i wrote about lynching at the circus .
let 's write about lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote to a lynching at the circus .
dylan wrote about how they lynched him at the circus .
dylan wrote about lynching at the circus .
i 've written about lynching at the circus .
he used to write about lynching at the circus .
it 's a private property .
it 's in private ownership !
it 's a private property .
it 's my property !
it 's a private property .
it 's owned a private property .
it 's private property .
he 's got a private property !
it 's a property in private ownership .
it 's supposed to be private property .
do you want to have a towel on your butt ?
i 'll slap your ass with a towel .
i 'm gon na slap your ass with a towel ?
do i have to slap your hands on your butt ?
i want you to get a towel on your butt .
do i have to slap your hands on your butt ?
i want to slap you with a towel on your butt ?
i want you to get a towel on your butt ?
do you want to get a towel in your butt ?
i have to give you a towel on your butt .
i 'd like to travel .
i want to travel .
i want to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i want to travel .
i want to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
i 'd like to travel .
there will be a member of the s . r . p . tomorrow .
there will be a member of the s . r . p . tomorrow .
there will be a member of s . r . p . tomorrow .
there will be a member of s r . p . tomorrow .
a member of s r . p will arrive in the morning .
there 's a member of s . r . p . who 's here tomorrow .
there will be a member of the s . r . p . tomorrow .
a member of the s . r . p will be visiting us tomorrow .
a former member will arrive in the morning .
he 's got an ex member of s . r . p .
you 're gon na owe me 100 when i clean this car up !
he 's gon na owe me 100 if i 'm cleaning his car .
it 's supposed to be 100 when i clean my car .
you 're gon na owe me 100 for cleaning up your car .
one more time and i 'm gon na have 100 bucks to wash my car .
you 're supposed to pay 100 when i clean your car .
i 'll give you 100 for cleaning up .
you 're gon na owe me 100 for cleaning my car .
i have 100 more to go .
and a hundred in the car , i 'm sure you 'll be sorry .
i 'm sure he does n't have a single defect to be perfect .
it 's impossible to have a single defect to be perfect .
she lacked a single defect .
she had no perfect flaw in her perfection .
she had no flaw in perfection .
he only lacks one defect of perfection .
i 'll tell you that she had a single defect that made her perfect .
he 's got a single defect to be perfect .
he only lacks one defect of perfection .
she lacked the ability to be perfect .
the entire door is secured with heavy locks .
the door is secure with strong locks on both sides .
the door is secure with strong locks on both sides .
the whole door is under heavy lock .
the entire door is secure with strong locks .
each door holds a heavy lock .
the lock on both sides of the door is strong .
the entire door will be locked with a heavy lock .
each side of the door is secured with a strong lock .
the door on both sides is secured .
i 'm sure you 'll find them before they leave town .
you have a chance to find them before they leave town .
you have to find them before they leave town .
you 'll have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
you have the best chance to find them before they leave town .
it 's a chance to find them before they leave town .
it 's your best chance to find them before they leave town .
that 's your chance to find them before they leave town .
you 'll probably find the boys before they leave town .
you have a chance to find them before they leave town .
there 's a lot of radioactive material in the trucks .
he 's got a truck full of radioactive material .
he 's full of radioactive material in the trucks .
he has a truck with radioactive material .
he 's in a truck full of radioactive material .
he has a truck full of radioactive material .
he 's got a truck full of radioactive material .
there 's a radioactive material loaded into the trucks .
he 's loaded with radioactive material in his car .
it 's a truck .
the project for the non killing weapons of the military was called by the name of mclennen forster .
the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was the name mclennen forster .
the project behind the military 's non lethal weapons was the name of mclennen forster .
the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was the name of the mclennen forster project .
the leader of the military 's non lethal weapons project was called mclennen forster .
the main project of the military 's non lethal weapons was called mclennen forster .
the leader of the military 's non lethal weapons project was the name mclennen forster .
the main project for the military 's non lethal weapons was called by mclennen forster .
the main project of the military 's non lethal weapons began to be called mclennen forster .
the main project in the area of non lethal weapons was the name mclennen forster .
it 's the same condition .
it 's exactly same .
it 's the condition .
it 's same .
it 's the same condition .
there 's a same condition .
it 's the same condition
it 's exactly same .
it 's same condition .
it 's a same state state .
he should n't have died .
but he should n't have died .
i should n't have killed him .
he should n't have died .
i should n't have killed him .
he should n't have died .
he should n't have died .
i should n't have killed him .
the man should not die .
he should n't have died .
it is also needed to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
it is necessary to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
it is necessary to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
there is still much to be done about geographical indications and differences in production methods than has happened in the past .
it is therefore necessary to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
there is still a need for greater attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
it is also necessary to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
there is still a need to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
it is therefore necessary to pay more attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
there is still to be a greater emphasis on geographical indications and differences in manufacturing procedures than in the past .
you 're so nice .
you 're cute !
you 're a nice guy .
you 're so nice .
that 's nice .
you 're a sweetheart !
you 're so cute .
you 're cute !
you 're a sweetheart !
it 's nice .
what does he want to do to hurt him ?
how does he want to hurt himself ?
what does he do to him ?
how do you hurt him ?
how does he hurt himself ?
does he want to hurt himself ?
what does it hurt ?
what does it hurt anyone ?
how does he hurt ?
what does he do so badly ?
my dad wanted to take care of you .
that 's what my dad wanted me to do !
my father wanted to bail me out !
my father asked me to show up on your doorstep .
my father was supposed to take care of you .
my dad asked me to take care of him .
my father asked me for this !
my father was asking for a lift .
my father wanted a ride on you .
my father asked me for this !
you do n't have to talk about it .
you do n't have a chance to talk .
you ca n't talk both ways .
you ca n't make it talk about it .
you ca n't talk about it .
it does n't make you talk to each other .
you wo n't be able to talk .
i ca n't make a deal between you two .
you do n't talk like that .
you ca n't talk .
i 'm sure it 's because of me , stupid blonde .
i 'm sick of being an idiot blonde .
that 's what i feel like an idiot blonde .
so i feel the stupid blonde .
i feel stupid for being such a blonde .
that 's how i feel about being an idiot blonde .
now i feel the stupid blonde .
i 'm an ignorant blonde !
i still feel the stupid blonde .
i feel like an idiot blonde .
you have a nice dress !
the dress is beautiful .
you have beautiful clothes .
you had a nice dress !
it 's a beautiful dress .
you have a nice little dress .
you have a really nice dress .
the clothes are beautiful .
you have beautiful clothing .
your dress is beautiful .
perhaps the ten were equal to the entire regiment .
maybe the ten went to fight the whole regiment .
maybe ten was the line .
maybe ten times the odds are against the whole regiment .
maybe the ten went to fight the whole regiment .
maybe ten people went against the whole unit .
maybe ten times as much as the whole regiment .
the odds seemed to be ten against the whole regiment .
ten years ago , the whole regiment went to hell .
maybe ten to beat the whole regiment .
that 's a mistake .
this must be hydarn 's fault !
that 's hydarn .
that 's a hydaran error !
this is going to be hydarn 's fault .
that was a mistake .
that 's his fault !
the mistake is hydarn .
that 's a hydarn error .
that was hydarn 's fault .
a permanent monument will be built to mark the achievements of this civilization .
the legacy of the moroccan civilization will be preserved forever .
the permanent monument will honor the cultural achievements of the moroccan civilization .
a monument will be built to mark the achievements of this civilization .
permanent memorial will be built for the achievements of this civilization .
the monument will permanently be remembered for the achievements of the moroccan civilization .
a permanent monument of moroccan civilization can be built here .
it will permanently be remembered for the achievements of the moroccan civilization .
the permanent monument of the moroccan civilization will mark its achievements .
will be a permanent monument to the cultural achievements of the moroc civilization .
it 's a strange dream .
she had a strange dream .
she has a dream .
she was interested in a strange dream .
she had a strange little dream .
she had a very strange dream .
she 's sick of a strange dream .
she had strange dream .
she had quite a strange dream .
it 's a really weird dream .
he does n't seem to be able to catch the doorman 's nap .
we do n't have anyone to catch the doorman when he 's asleep .
i 'm sure the doorman ca n't be caught .
i do n't see anyone catching the doorman 's nap .
i do n't see anyone catching the doorman 's nap .
i do n't think anyone would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
i do n't think anyone would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
i ca n't imagine anyone would have caught the doorman when he was asleep .
i ca n't imagine anyone catching the doorman 's nap .
he ca n't get a doorman to napping .
i know my father , so i 'm not surprised about that .
but i 'm not surprised . i know my father .
when it comes to my father , i 'm not surprised about that .
if i know my father , i 'm not surprised .
as a father , i 'm not surprised .
i 'm not surprised by my father .
when i was little , i did n't even notice that i knew my father .
well , i 'm not surprised by my father .
then i 'm not surprised by my father .
and i 'm not surprised by my father .
when i made 20 bucks , we just waited it out .
when we got there , we waited 20 minutes and watched the sun rise .
when the sun came up , we went back to making 20 .
when the sun came up , we went to 20 .
when i was twenty , and i was doing twenty bucks , i waited for the sun in the sky .
after we made about twenty dollars , we waited a minute to the sunset .
when we got there , we waited to see the sun rise and that we made about 20 .
when the sun came up , we stood up for about 20 .
when the sun came up , we waited 20 minutes to get out .
when the sun came up , we had to wait 20 minutes .
we do n't need any drugs !
he does n't need any drugs !
you do n't have to give him any drugs !
he does n't want to get any more drugs .
he wo n't get any more medication !
i 'm not giving him any more medication .
he does n't even have any drugs !
he wo n't be able to take any more drugs !
he wo n't be given any more medication !
he wo n't even get any drugs !
you have to dig the hole for him .
the trick is to dig the hole !
now they have to dig the hole .
we have to dig the hole .
he 'll just make a hole in the wall .
he 'll just be digging a hole .
he must make a big hole in the wall .
something has to be done to dig the hole .
we just have to dig the hole .
and they have to dig the hole .
sometimes it does n't have to be planned .
sometimes it does n't work as planned .
sometimes it does n't work out .
i 'm sure it 's not planned .
sometimes it does n't go according to plan .
sometimes something does n't go according to plan .
sometimes it 's not in the plan .
sometimes it does n't work the plan .
sometimes does n't go according to plan .
but it does n't always go according to plan .
he 's looking at tom howard .
he 's following tom howard .
he 's heading straight for tom howard .
he 's going to see tom howard .
he 's beside tom howard .
he 's got tom howard .
that 's where tom howard headed .
he 's heading straight for tom howard .
they 're looking at tom howard .
he 's followed tom howard .
it 's not going .
he 's not gon na let me do that .
i 'm sure he wo n't let me .
it 's not going to happen to me .
he 's not allowing me that .
we have no permission .
we 're not allowing that .
it 's not possible .
we 're not gon na .
i 'm not doing this .
the mistake did not make garber .
this mistake has not been garber .
the mistake did not fall on garber .
but the mistake did not make garber .
the mistake did not make garber himself .
the mistake did not make garber .
garber did not make such a mistake .
the mistake had not taken garber .
this mistake could not be made by garber .
garber has not made such a mistake .
you 'll be alone on this mission .
i 'm sure you have a special assignment .
i 'll leave you one task .
you 'll be assigned a unique task .
you have to do this on your own .
you 'll only be assigned one task .
it 's your assignment .
the task will be done on your own .
you 'll have one task .
it 's got to be your solo assignment .
not much has happened since the scavengers destroyed the moon .
one moon has been extinct for more than half a century .
more than fifty years were destroyed by scavengers .
the moon was destroyed by scavengers for more than 50 years .
one ) according to legend , the scavengers destroyed by the moon have not lived .
the scavenger is more than 50 years old since they destroyed our moon .
it has been more than 50 years since the scavengers have destroyed our moon !
our moon was destroyed by scavengers for more than 50 years .
fifty years ago , the scavenger clung to our moon .
fifty years ago , the scavenger destroyed the moon .
do you have any moisturisers ?
do you have any moisturiser ?
do you have any moisturiser ?
do you have it ?
are you taking your moisturiser ?
you take it ?
do you have moisturiser ?
do you have any moisturizers ?
do you have your moisturiser ?
do you have any moisturisers ?
this injury is usually caused by a weight lifter .
this same injury is usually caused by a weight lifter .
these injuries are usually caused by athletes .
this type of injury is usually caused by a weight lifter .
this injury is common for weightlifters .
every such injury is caused by a weight lifter .
this type of injury is mostly suffered .
these injuries are mostly caused by athletes .
it 's usually caused by a weight loss .
the same injury is in most cases caused by weightlifters .
we 'll hold out a few minutes .
we 'll wait for another few minutes .
then we 'll wait a few minutes .
we 'll hold on .
i 'll try to keep you there for another few minutes .
i 'll try to keep up for another few minutes .
we 'll wait a few minutes .
i 'll try to keep up for another few minutes .
we 'll try it a few minutes longer .
we 'll try it out for another few minutes .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid .
i 'm sure he 's not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything ?
but i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not worried about anything .
i 'm not worried about anything .
and i 'm not afraid of anything .
you were talking about a god .
you 're talking about a god .
you talked like a god .
you talking a little like god .
you were talking gibberish about god .
he 's talking about a god !
you talked a lot like a god .
you talking about a god .
you said something about a god .
you were talking about a god .
she does n't seem six months old .
he 's not over six months old .
he does n't seem to be six months old .
he does n't seem like six months old .
she does n't even have six months .
but it does n't look six months old .
he 's not here for six months .
she 's not six months away .
she does n't look much older than six months .
but he 's not even six months old .
i 'm sure the book will change your life .
he 's not aware of how this book will change your life .
he does n't know the way this book will change your life .
he 's crazy about how this book can change your life .
it 's impossible to imagine how this book will change your life .
he does n't have to imagine how this book will change your life .
he has no idea about how this book will change your life .
it 's impossible to imagine how this book will change your life .
it 's not possible for this book to change your life .
it 's not possible to imagine how this book will change your life .
do you want to talk to mr eagles ?
would you like to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want anything to say to mr eagles ?
would you like an interview ?
you want me to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want anything to say to mr eagles ?
do you want to talk to mr eagles ?
do you want me to talk to mr eagles ?
no one 's going to eat four marshmallows .
no one will eat four marshmallows .
no one can eat four marshmallows .
no one is going to eat four marshmallows .
no one is eating four marshmallows .
no one will ever eat four marshmallows .
no one will be eaten by four marshmallows !
no one here will eat four marshmallows .
no one has eaten four marshmallows .
no one will eat four marshmallows in a row !
that 's what you 'd learn on your bike .
that 's how you learn to ride a bike !
it 's what you 'd learn on a bike .
it 's how you learn to ride a bike !
it 's like you 're learning riding a bike .
i 'm sure you 'd like to learn on your bike .
it 's like riding a bike .
it 's supposed to be like riding a bike .
that 's how you learn to ride a bike !
and that 's how you learn to ride a bike !
i 'm sorry we 're wasting this on these unscrupulous bastards .
it 's sad to lose them to these unscrupulous bastards .
i 'm sick of wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
i 'm sorry about wasting it on these unscrupulous bastards .
we 're gon na waste this on these two idiots !
it 's condemned to be wasted on these unscrupulous bastards .
it 's sad that we 're wasting this on these unscrupulous bastards .
it 's sad to lose them to these unscrupulous bastards .
we have nothing to waste on these unscrupulous sons of bitches .
we 're not going to waste this on these unscrupulous idiots .
did you see him ?
did you see them ?
have you seen him ?
did you see anything ?
did you see the girl ?
do you see him ?
did you see anything ?
did you see that ?
did you see him ?
did you see the girl ?
they 're pretty scared .
they 're pretty worried about her , doctor .
they 're afraid of her , doctor ?
he 's scared of her , right , doctor ?
they 're a little scared of her , doctor ?
he 's scared of her , right , doctor ?
they 're pretty worried about her , are n't they , doctor ?
they were pretty scared .
they were afraid of her , doctor ?
he 's a little scared of her , doctor .
he does n't need to rest or cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't even need a rest or a cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
but he does n't have to rest or cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't even need to rest or cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need to rest or cuddle , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need . . . rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
he does n't need rest and no cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
and he does n't need rest or cuddling , which is different from other horses in europe .
they build a missile .
the rocket is building .
he made a missile !
the rocket is ready .
the rocket is made .
they build the rockets .
they build their missile .
they build rocket .
the guy makes rocket .
they build rockets .
i just wanted to find out if there were enough rooms .
i just wanted to check if there 's enough room .
i wanted to check to see if there was enough room .
i wanted only to make sure we had enough space .
we wanted to make sure that there was enough room for everyone .
i just wanted to find out if there were enough rooms .
i just wanted to check if there 's enough room .
i just wanted to check if there 's enough room .
we just wanted to find out if there 's enough room .
i was just wanted to make sure we had enough space .
the fbi had to look at bondi .
the fbi was looking at bondi .
the fbi was going to watch bondi .
that 's what the fbi was looking at .
the fbi was also looking at bondi .
the fbi was following bondi .
the fbi is looking at bondi .
the fbi was supposed to watch bondi .
the fbi is going to keep an eye on bondi .
the fbi is still looking at bondi .
let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
let 's just forget about doing a normal job .
so let 's forget about how ordinary things are done .
so let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
so let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
let 's not forget how ordinary things are done .
then let 's forget how ordinary things are done .
and let 's forget about how ordinary things are done .
let 's forget about how ordinary things are done .
does anyone have a bandolier ?
do you have a bandolier ?
do you have any bandoliers ?
does anyone have bandolier ?
does anyone have a wand ?
does anyone have any bandoliers ?
do you have any bandoliers ?
do you have a bandolier ?
does anyone else have a bandolier ?
does anyone have a wanderer ?
you do n't stay all night ?
you do n't want to stay overnight ?
you do n't stay overnight ?
so you wo n't stay overnight ?
and you wo n't stay overnight ?
you wo n't stay overnight ?
you do n't sleep at night ?
and you wo n't stay overnight ?
wo n't you come to stay overnight ?
you do n't sleep ?
what 's so close ?
what 's so close ?
what 's close to here ?
what 's close to here ?
what 's so close ?
what else is close ?
what 's so close to here ?
what 's so close together ?
what 's nearby ?
how close is it ?
when 's your mom coming ?
when 's your mom coming ?
when will my mom come ?
when 's your mom ?
when 's mom gon na be back ?
when 's mom gon na be back ?
your mom 's back ?
your mom 's back ?
when does your mom come ?
when does your mom come back ?
it 's european wine , as well as blood .
it 's called european wine , blood colors .
he 's got a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
it 's a european wine colored as blood .
it 's a european wine with colors similar to blood .
it 's a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
it 's a wine from europe that has colors similar to blood .
but it 's a european wine that has colors similar to blood .
a european wine , it has the same color as blood .
it 's european with colors similar to blood .
if these policies fail , the mayors will be responsible .
if successful , citizens will be asked to take responsibility for the mayor .
if successful , the citizens will demand the responsibility of the mayor .
if these policies fail , the mayors will only accept responsibility .
once such a policy fails , the citizens will demand the responsibility of the mayor .
if these policies fail , the mayors will be called upon to take responsibility .
if these policies fail , the citizens citizens will demand a responsibility for the mayor .
if these policies fail , the mayors will only be asked to take responsibility .
if this policy fails , the citizens will demand the responsibility of the mayor .
even if these policies fail , the mayors will be asked to take responsibility .
welcome a great fantasy .
it 's a great fantasy !
welcome home of the greatest imagination .
you 're a great fantasy !
welcome the biggest dream .
a welcome introduction of great fantasy .
best welcome of all fantasy .
you 're welcome today 's biggest fantasy .
welcome on the biggest dream .
on a great fantasy !
the commission will take action in the event of a marketing fraud at the start of the marketing period .
the commission will be taking action to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission shall act in advance of the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission shall adopt measures to protect the business before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission is required to take measures to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission will take measures to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission will also take measures to protect the business before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission is working to ensure that the marketing fraud is not started .
the protection of businesses must be ensured before the start of the marketing fraud .
the commission will also be taking action to protect businesses before the start of the marketing fraud .
are n't you dress ?
you do n't dress ?
are n't you dressing ?
you do n't have any clothes ?
you do n't want to dress ?
do n't you have underwear ?
are n't you dressed ?
are n't you dressed ?
are n't you dressing ?
are n't you ready ?
i 'm going to fix my mistake .
i have to make a mistake .
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
i 'll make my own mistakes .
i 'll make a mistake with him .
i want to fix my error .
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
i 'll make my own mistakes .
i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
it 's not good for mixing vodka and whiskey .
it 's not supposed to mix vodka with whiskey .
it 's not good to mix vodka with whiskey .
it 's not like mixing vodka with whiskey .
it 's not appropriate for a mixture of vodka and whiskey .
i 'm sure it 's not appropriate to mix vodka with whiskey .
it 's not going to be a good idea to mix vodka with whiskey .
it would n't be a good idea to mix vodka with whiskey .
it 's not a good idea to mix vodka with whiskey .
it 's not good to mix vodka with whiskey .
furthermore , a further proposal is yet to be made for simplification .
furthermore , there is currently time to identify further proposals for simplification .
furthermore , more simplification is proposed in the next few days .
furthermore , currently , another proposal has been set out for simplification .
furthermore , there is currently a proposal for further simplification .
furthermore , the proposals are pending for further simplification .
furthermore , a further proposal is to simplify the situation .
furthermore , further simplification proposals can currently be identified in this context .
in addition , there is a proposal to simplify the situation .
in addition , further simplification proposals should be set out .
is there a neeble ?
are there any neebles ?
are there neebles ?
is there a neeble ?
is anyone neeble too ?
it 's neeble .
is there neeble there ?
is there neeblea ?
is n't anyone there ?
are there ever neebles ?
i 'm distinguishing three situations here .
i 'm distinguishing three situations here .
i 'm distinguishing three situations here .
i distinguish three situations in that context .
that 's what i call three situations .
i define three situations in that context .
i distinguish three situations in that context .
i identify three situations .
i have three situations to consider .
i make three different situations .
how do you address the accelerated application process for grid infrastructure ?
how do you manage to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
what do you want to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
how do you address the acceleration of the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
what about the speed of the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
how would it help speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
what do you think accelerated procedures for the approval of grid infrastructure ?
how do you respond to the accelerated application procedure for grid infrastructure ?
how do you address speeding up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
what could you do to speed up the approval process for grid infrastructure ?
he does n't seem to be the right choice when you want someone to do your dirty work .
he 's not going to be the one who 's gon na do your dirty job .
you would n't be able to choose that loser if you wanted someone else to do your dirty work .
when you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , it 's not good to have a loser like that .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , he 's not gon na be the one .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , you wo n't be able to get rid of this loser .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , there wo n't be a good choice for you .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , he does n't really have a choice .
when you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , you wo n't be able to get rid of this loser .
if you 're looking for someone to do your dirty work , it 's not a good choice for you .
he did it when he wanted to feed the thirst of his brain with a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
his purpose is it because he wants to feed the thirst of a great brain , which is thirsty for self respect and alcohol .
the reason was he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain , which was thirsty for self respect and alcohol .
the reason to do so is to feed the thirst of a great brain for self respect and alcohol .
the reason has been to feed the thirst of the great brain for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
the reason he had done so was to feed the thirst of a great brain for self esteem and alcohol .
the reason is that he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for self esteem and alcohol .
the reason is why he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for a thirst for self respect and alcohol .
the reason was him when he wanted to feed the thirst of a great brain for self esteem and alcohol .
the reason gave him the job was to feed the thirst of a great brain for self esteem and alcohol .
we 're wasting our time .
we 're gon na have no time to waste .
we 're wasting our time .
we 're not going to waste any time !
we 're supposed to n't waste our time .
we 're not going to waste any time !
we 're not wasting our time .
we have wasted no time .
we 're lost in time .
i 'm sure we wo n't waste any time .
there were several majestic trees flying out of the grasslands , which were filled with wild white birds .
the tall trees were silhouetted by a couple of large white birds .
several trees were silhouetted against the grasslands , which were filled with wild white birds .
there were several majestic trees in the grasslands in which white winged birds were flying .
there were a couple of majestic trees in the grasslands , where the birds were singing wildly white .
a few majestic trees were silhouetted against the backdrop of the grasslands , where the birds were singing wildly white .
two majestic trees were rising from the grasslands and surrounded by wild white winged birds .
several majestic trees rose out of the grasslands , where they were fed by wild white birds .
the tall trees were silhouetted in the grasslands by a wild flock of white birds .
the tall trees rose from the grasslands , where the birds were singing wildly white .
your heart was sad .
your heart is broken .
your heart is crying .
the heart was desperate .
your heart was crying .
the heart is desperate .
your heart is so broken .
your heart is crying out there .
your hearts are desperate .
your heart is broken .
the buddhism must be believed that the spirit of the 49th day will be reborn .
the spirit of the 49th day will be the reincarnation of the soul of the living .
the buddhism would believe in the reincarnation of the soul of the 49th day .
the spirit of a buddhist must be reincarnated on 49th day of life .
the buddhism will take place 49 days after the death of the soul .
the human soul will be reincarnated on 49th day of buddhism .
the buddhist philosophy will believe the soul of the 49th day will come back to life .
the buddhism will believe the spirit of the 49th day will come back to life .
the spirit can also be reincarnated on 49th day of buddhism .
the spirit of a man will reincarnate on 49th day of buddhism .
speed and anonymity in electronic bills are also beneficial .
speed and anonymity are useful !
advantages of electronic bills have high speed advantages .
electronic bills have many advantages .
the benefits of an electronic form of anonymity outweigh privacy protections .
speed and anonymity are very good .
the advantage of an electronic bill is anonymous .
speed with anonymity is benefits .
the advantage of an electronic bill is swift and anonymous .
speed with anonymity is a great advantage .
when his husband found her , the woman on the toilet took off her skirt .
when his husband found her in the bathroom , he found one two .
her husband was behind the toilet when he found her .
when his husband found her in the bathroom , her husband found in the toilet .
when her husband found her , she ran to the bathroom .
when his husband found her in the bathroom , he found her there .
when her husband found her in the bathroom , she ran into the toilet .
her husband came to the toilet where she was .
when her husband found her , she was in a toilet bowl .
when her husband found her , she was in a toilet bowl .
i have to go check the hotel in the morning .
i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll check the hotel in the morning .
i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
i have to go check the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll check the hotel in the morning .
look , i have to go check out the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll take a look at the hotel tomorrow .
there 's something weird going on !
there 's something weird going on !
there 's been a strange thing going on !
there 's something weird going on !
it 's got some really weird stuff going on .
there 's really been a weird thing going on !
it 's got weird stuff going on .
there 's a strange thing going on !
there 's something weird going on !
there 's got to be some weird stuff going on .
would he lend a razor ?
will you lend him a razor ?
will he lend me a razor ?
would he lend her a razor ?
would he please lend a razor ?
would he like to borrow a razor ?
will he lend it to you for a razor ?
would he lend a razor ?
would he lend a razor like that ?
will he lend me a razor ?
when she preferred to be buried , i do n't see any reason to marry her for a nobleman .
when i thought she preferred to be buried , i did n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
when i thought she preferred the grave , i did n't even think we could marry her for a nobleman .
i do n't see why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
if she preferred the grave , i do n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
even if she preferred the grave , i do n't see why we should be trying to marry her for a nobleman .
i do n't see why we should try to marry her instead of a tomb .
if she preferred the grave , i would n't even think we 'd be able to marry her for a nobleman .
even if she preferred the grave , i do n't see why we should try to marry her for a nobleman .
even if she preferred to be buried , i would n't want to marry her for a nobleman .
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
i ca n't marry william whele !
take the position !
position of the shooting !
we have to set up a firing line !
we 're approaching the firing line !
ready position for shooting !
we 're going to the firing line !
in charge of firing positions .
get in the firing line !
position of the shooting !
i 'm taking the firing line !
no one 's gon na hide him or feed him .
no one is going to hide him .
no one is hiding him .
no one 's ever gon na hide him .
no one 's gon na hide him or feed him .
no one 's feeding him .
no one 's hiding him today .
no one 's hiding him no one will feed him .
no one will let him be without food .
no one 's gon na hide him .
it 's all toys .
it 's just some toys .
it 's just toys .
it 's still a toy !
it 's just a toy !
it 's still just toys .
it 's just toys .
it 's all toy .
it 's all childish .
it 's all just toys .
no one told him ?
no one did n't tell roger ?
did no one tell him ?
no one told him to roger ?
no one did n't say to roger ?
did no one tell roger ?
no one did tell roger ?
no one did n't let roger know ?
no one pointed it out ?
no one told him about roger .
i 'm classic she 'd want me to be .
i 'll be the classic friend she 'd like me to be .
a classic kind of friend like me wants me .
i 'm the classic kind of friend he 'd want me to be .
i 'm supposed to be an ordinary friend .
my mother wants me to be an ordinary friend .
my classic friend will be the one who wants me to be .
a friend like that always wants me .
i 'm the classic kind of friend he 'd want me to be .
i 'm a classic friend , she wants my way .
they stole the car .
they stole our car !
they stole the cars .
some guy stole us .
they stole car !
they stole us a car .
they stole a couple 's car .
they stole a little car .
they stole us car .
they stole the car we .
we 're going to the next elevator .
we 're going to use another elevator .
we 're using another elevator .
we 'll go to the next elevator .
we 're in the next elevator .
we 're going back to the elevator .
i 'll take the next elevator .
we 'll use another elevator .
i 'll take the next elevator .
we have to use another elevator .
he does n't talk .
he 's not talking .
but he 's not talking .
he does n't talk .
he does n't have to talk .
but he 's not talking .
he does n't even talk .
he does n't talk .
he 's not talking .
he does n't talk that way .
it 's really wrong .
i 'm sure there 's been a mistake .
it 's a big mistake .
it 's wrong .
it 's a mistake .
it 's quite possible .
it 's clear of a mistake .
it 's a pretty big mistake .
it 's pretty obvious about a mistake .
it 's definitely a mistake .
that is why the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
and that is why the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
it does not follow an average reward for a slow and quick career , as well as a reward for an average career .
the average reward for a slow and quick career and the reward for an average career is equal .
it is clear that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career are not comparable .
it shows that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career is not comparable .
this is due to the fact that the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
it is clear that the average reward for a slow and quick career and reward for an average career are not comparable .
this implies that the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to that of an average career .
this is what is why the average reward for a slow and quick career is not comparable to the reward for an average career .
still , his anger flared like an open bubble .
yet his anger flared as a bubble burst .
despite her resistance , more anger flared again like a bubble bursting .
his anger flared again as a bubble burst .
his anger flared once more like a bubble bursting .
yet , for the second time , his anger was angry , he was bursting open .
his anger again came out of him like a bubble bursting .
again , his anger flared as a bubble burst .
but his anger flared as a bubble burst .
his anger was fierce as a bubble burst .
a cockroach would n't be careful about such a place in a motel .
he would n't be careful about that in a motel where a careful cockroach would be careful .
such a motel must not be so careful about cockroaches .
a careful cockroach would n't be careful about this kind of motel .
a careful cockroach would not avoid such a place .
a cockroach in a motel would n't be careful about that .
such a thorough cockroach should not be allowed in such a motel .
a cockroach would n't be deterred in a motel like that .
theseidious cockroaches would n't be careful in a motel like this .
a cockroach would n't avoid such a place .
do you want to really plan an unexpected wedding ?
would you like to have an unexpected wedding ?
do you want to really plan an unexpected wedding ?
did you want to really consider an unexpected wedding ?
do you want to really plan an unexpected wedding ?
are you really planning on having an unexpected wedding ?
do you want to really plan an unexpected wedding ?
do you want to really plan an unexpected wedding ?
seriously you want to hold an unexpected wedding ?
so you want to make an unexpected wedding ?
if humanity does n't have a future , he 'll die !
if humanity does n't have a future , it 'll die .
if humanity does n't have a future , he 'll say who dies .
he will tell you if humanity does n't have a future .
so if humanity does n't have a future , it 'll die .
i 'm sure if humanity does n't have a future , he dies .
if humanity does n't have a future , he 'll probably die .
when humanity does n't have a future , he 'll die .
and if humanity does n't have a future , it will die .
by saying humanity does n't have a future , he 'll die .
i 'll give you a contract and a dola girosa .
i 'm sure you have a contract with dola girosa .
i 'll take care of the contract and the dola girosa .
you 'll get a contract and a boon girosa .
you 'll take care of this contract and dola girosa .
will be assigned a contract and a dola girosa to solve this problem .
i 'll take care of the contract and the dola girosa .
you 'll be responsible for the contract and the dola girosa .
you 'll be in charge of the contract and the dola girosa .
your job will be a contract and a boon girosa .
it 's not funny .
it 's not funny to me .
it 's not very funny .
it 's not funny for me .
it 's weird .
it 's not a funny thing .
it 's no fun .
it 's no funny thing .
it 's not funny to me .
it 's not funny .
her sister did n't get very good on her coat .
her sister did n't fit very well in that coat .
the girl did n't get very good on her coat so she threw her out .
her sister did n't like her coat very much .
her coat was n't very nice .
but the coat was n't very nice for her so she threw her out .
her sister did n't have a nice coat so she threw her out .
her sister did n't want to have a nice coat so she threw her out .
the coat was n't very nice for her so she threw her out .
her sister did n't have much nicer clothes so she threw her out .
is it hard ?
is it hard ?
are you tough ?
does it feel hard ?
it 's really hard ?
is n't it hard ?
is it not hard ?
is it so hard ?
is n't it hard ?
does it feel hard ?
what does the devil have in mind ?
what do you think about the devil 's appetite ?
the devil 's gon na taste like that .
what does he taste like ?
i 'm wondering what devil 's appetite tastes like . . .
let 's see what devil 's taste tastes like .
how did the devil not taste it ?
i 'm wondering what devil 's appetite tastes like . . .
i tell you how the devil tastes .
i do n't know what devil tastes like .
you do n't understand this crime .
are you aware that this is a crime ?
it 's a crime .
is n't that a crime ?
it 's a crime , is n't it ?
is n't that a crime ?
it does n't constitute a crime .
it 's not a crime , is it ?
it was a crime .
do you know it 's a crime ?
his moustache seemed to be drooping .
he seemed to be drooling on his moustache .
the moustache seemed to be drooping .
he almost seemed to have moustaches .
moustaches seemed to be drooping .
his moustaches seemed to be drooping .
the moustaches seemed to be drooping .
he almost moustached almost .
he was almost drooling .
the moustache was almost drooping .
i have to get my butt out of here !
i have to get my seatbelt off my butt .
now i 'm just gon na take my butt off .
i have to get my seatbelt off my butt .
i want to get my seatbelt off my butt .
i have to take my butt off .
i have to get my butt out of here !
i want the shifter to come out of my butt !
i want to get my seatbelt off my butt .
i want to take my seat belt off my butt .
she 's beautiful !
she 's so beautiful .
she 's so beautiful .
she 's a beautiful girl .
she 's a beauty .
he 's beautiful like that .
she 's beautiful in her own way .
that 's beautiful !
he 's still beautiful .
she 's such beauty .
it is clear that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in some natural disasters .
in our view , it is necessary to improve these improvements in order to eliminate uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
to this end , it is important to ensure that there is no ambiguity about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
as a result , it is possible to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
because of these improvements , it is possible to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in addition , it is likely to reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
as a result of these improvements , we are careful to limit uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
in addition , it is possible that these improvements will reduce uncertainty about the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
for such improvements , it is necessary to remove the uncertainty associated with the possibility of assistance in the event of a disaster .
we expect to see that , in particular , there will be less uncertainty about the possibility of help in some natural disasters .
the document could not be forwarded to this workspace .
documentation could not be forwarded to this workspace .
the documents could not be forwarded to this workspace .
documents could not be forwarded to this workstation .
your office can not be moved to this workspace .
the document can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document can not be forwarded to this workspace .
the document could be forwarded to this workspace .
the document could not be forwarded to this workspace .
your documents could not be forwarded to this workspace .
they do n't abuse me .
they did n't abuse me .
he does n't abuse me .
i did n't abuse myself .
they did n't abuse me that way .
they did n't abuse .
they wo n't abuse me .
they do n't call me abused .
they did n't call me abused .
they did n't even abuse me .
they 'll arrest you for neglecting your dog .
there 's a jailhouse in west hollywood if you do n't vaccinate your dog .
there 's a guy arrested in west hollywood who ca n't comb his dog .
you could be a prisoner in west hollywood if you did n't vaccinate your dog .
there 's a arrest in west hollywood for neglecting your dog .
i 'm sure you 'll be arrested in west hollywood if you do n't vaccinate your dog .
they arrest you for neglecting your dog .
there could be a arrest in west hollywood for neglecting the dog .
there could be a arrest in west hollywood for neglecting the dog .
there 's a guy arrested in west hollywood who ca n't watch his dog .
they marked the asian visa .
the asians were flagged .
they marked asian visas .
the asians are marked .
the asians are flagged .
the visas were asian .
they have asian visas !
they marked the asians .
they marked the asia visa .
there were signs of asia 's visas .
in the meantime , the monster turned his eye to the corner , and looked at them .
in a moment , he poked a hole in his eye and watched them closely .
only for a moment , the monster poked a hole in the corner and looked at them .
in a moment , the monster poked a hole in the corner so he could look at them .
in time , the monster squinted into the corner to keep an eye out .
after some time , the monster poked a hole in the corner and looked at them .
for a long time , the monster poked a hole in the corner of his eye to look at them .
in the meantime , he was poking around the corner of his eye and carefully observed to them .
in the meantime , the monster poked his eye out of the corner of his eye .
in the meantime , something was sticking out of the corner of one eye to look at them .
did you know dead ?
did you have to know you died ?
did you get killed ?
did you know i 'm dead ?
did you know yet ?
did you know i 'm dead ?
did you recognize him ?
did you know long ago ?
did you find out ?
did you recognize him ?
you do n't plan a long stay .
i do n't think you 'll stay long .
you do n't plan to stay long ?
so you do n't plan on staying long ?
you plan to stay for a long time .
i do n't plan on staying long .
do you plan to stay long ?
i assume you do n't plan on staying long ?
do n't you plan on staying long ?
do n't you plan on staying long ?
what about the technology ?
what 's the technology ?
do you have any technology ?
did he invent the technology ?
what does the technology do ?
what was the technology ?
does he have any technology ?
what technology does it have ?
do you know the technology ?
what 's his technique ?
he closed the door .
he gave us him !
he locked our door !
he locked us up here !
he gave us a lock !
they locked us in here !
he locked us up !
they locked us here !
he just locked us up !
he just locked us up !
the colony reacted quickly .
the colony reacted very quickly .
the colony answered a rapid and sensible manner .
the colony responded quickly and decisively .
the colony responded with swift and sensible steps .
it was a rapid response .
the colony responded quickly and decisively .
the colonies responded quickly .
there was a swift and sensible response from the colony .
the colony was quick in response .
a powerful energy of healing that comes out of love .
the powerful energy is in the form of love .
it 's a powerful energy for healing that comes from love .
a powerful healing power is based on love .
the powerful energy will release the pain of love .
the great healing power is the power of love .
the powerful energy is coming out of love .
the powerful energy is capable of healing thanks to love .
the powerful energy will come out of love .
we have a powerful energy for healing that comes out of love .
the vampire ca n't kill anything .
he ca n't be killed by an original vampire .
a vampire ca n't be killed .
the original vampire ca n't kill anything !
you ca n't kill an original vampire !
he wo n't be able to kill the original vampire .
i ca n't have killed an original vampire .
vampires ca n't be killed .
the vampire ca n't be able to kill anything .
you ca n't make a vampire kill .
i 'd recommend you switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
a suitable alternative treatment should be used before pregnancy is planned .
you should preferably be replaced by an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
you should be more likely to use appropriate alternative treatments before pregnancy .
you should choose an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
you should preferably switch to a suitable alternative treatment before pregnancy is planned .
you should preferably use an appropriate alternative treatment before pregnancy .
the course of pregnancy should be changed in favour of suitable alternative treatments .
it is appropriate to switch to a suitable alternative treatment prior to pregnancy .
you should be advised that in the event of pregnancy , appropriate alternative treatments should be used .
the river who was talking about jumped in and killed himself .
the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
there was a river in which she drowned and died .
what you were talking about was a river where she fell and killed herself .
the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
. . . the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the rivers you were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the river that we were talking about jumped in and killed her .
the river you were talking about jumped in and killed her .
a multiple blow probably broke his fingers .
two different gunshot wounds have broken his fingers .
two broken fingers have apparently broken several blows .
a couple of shots has broken his fingers .
a few shots broke his fingers .
a few shots have broken his fingers .
a multiple blow seemed to break his fingers .
a multiple blow seems to have broken his fingers .
a couple of shots has already broken his fingers .
the wound seems to have broken several fingers .
do you plan to stop buying other companies ?
do you plan to stop buying other companies ?
so you plan to stop buying other companies ?
so you plan to stop buying other companies ?
do you really plan to sell the remaining companies ?
did you plan to stop buying other companies ?
so you plan to stop buying other companies ?
do you plan to stop buying other companies ?
you plan to stop buying other companies ?
do you plan to stop buying other companies ?
