i dreamed of you yesterday .
that dream of yours yesterday , yesterday .
i dreamed of you last night .
you have me dream last night .
let me dream about you yesterday .
you must have dreamed of yesterday .
you must have dreamed of yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday .
that 's true of your dream .
you 've been dreaming about you yesterday .
i hate the accommodation time .
that accommodation is no time .
i do n't have time shares .
we have no time shares .
let 's not spend time .
we 'll share accommodation for time .
we 'll share accommodation for time .
i do n't have time shares .
this is missing time shares .
we 're sharing accommodation time with apartment .
i know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
that white people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
i know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
you know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
white people know that you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
you must be white , you 're not to be laughed .
you must be white , you 're not to be laughed .
white people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
that 's why white people know you 're not white .
you 're saying you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
i guess it 's forbidden for alcohol ?
that alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden .
i 'm not allowed to drink alcohol or smoke ?
they let 's not to smoke .
let 's not get alcohol or cigarettes .
you must be forbidden to drink alcohol and cigarettes .
you must be forbidden to drink alcohol and cigarettes .
alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden .
this is forbidden for alcohol and cigarettes .
we 're forbidden to drink alcohol and cigarettes .
i know how did the taxi ?
that he did n't have a taxi ?
i have a taxi ?
you have a taxi ?
do you know how it was ?
he could have a taxi .
he could have a taxi .
i have a taxi ?
that 's how it happened ?
you 've got a taxi ?
i think he 's the big black wolf dog .
as he crouched the giant black wolf dog .
i do n't know what black wolf dog was crouching over .
you make him croughter of a black wolf dog .
let 's go to the big black wolf black wolf dog .
he could see the same as a huge black wolf dog .
he could see the same as a huge black wolf dog .
i mean , he crouched black wolf 's black .
this is huge black wolf dog .
they 've been crouching a huge black wolf dog .
i guess it 's hard to imagine where they can hide it underground .
that i 'm difficult to imagine where they can hide them underground .
i guess it 's hard to imagine where they can hide them underground ?
you make it difficult to imagine where they can hide them underground .
let me imagine where they can hide it underground .
it would be difficult to imagine where they can hide it underground .
it would be difficult to imagine where they can hide it underground .
i guess it 's hard to imagine where they can hide it underground .
that 's difficult for me to imagine where he might hide them underground .
we 're having a hard time imagine where they can hide it underground .
i guess we found something to charge the boy ?
that kid and i found something to charge ?
i found something to charge the baby with ?
we have something to charge the baby with ?
have we found something to charge the baby ?
we could find something to charge the boy with ?
we could find something to charge the boy with ?
i found something to charge the boy ?
this is something to do with the baby ?
we 've found something to charge the boy ?
i guess anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
that anyone would want to hurt your husband ?
i do n't know if you want to hurt your husband ?
you want to hurt your husband .
do you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
you can tell anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
you can tell anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
i mean , do you to anyone who wants ?
this is possible to hurt your husband .
you 've heard anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
i guess nixon 's gone down to the hotel .
that nixon went down to the hotel room to break .
i 'm going to go to the hotel .
we have to go to the hotel to nixon .
let 's go to the hotel .
we 'll break nixon 's hotel room .
we 'll break nixon 's hotel room .
nixon 's gone down to the hotel room .
that 's how nixon went down to the hotel .
we 're going to the hotel to the hotel .
i know you 're your first studio .
that belongs to your first studio .
i 'm your first studio .
you have to be the first studio .
let 's go to your first studio .
you 'll have your first studio .
you 'll have your first studio .
i mean , your first studio .
that 's only your first studio .
you 're going to have first .
i wonder how thomas had a big hat .
like thomas had a big hat like that ?
i 'm surprised thomas had thomas had thomas had a big hat .
you want to know what thomas 's hat is .
do you wonder how thomas had a big hat .
you 'd be wondering how thomas had on his hat .
you 'd be wondering how thomas had on his hat .
thomas 's got a big hat .
this is really cool for thomas have thomas had ?
you 're wondering what thomas had on the hell ?
i guess the chopper on the chopper .
that chopper is supposed to be .
i 'm supposed to take the chopper .
we have to get the chopper .
let 's get the helicopter .
we should get a helicopter .
we should get a helicopter .
i 'm supposed to take the chopper .
this is necessary to take the helicopter .
we 're gon na take the helicopter .
i guess you 're not dressed ?
that you 're not dressed ?
i 'm not gon na dress ?
you gon na dress ?
do you think you 're gon na dress ?
you 'll be dressed ?
you 'll be dressed ?
i 'm not gon na dress ?
that 's true you 're not dressed ?
you 're gon na dress ?
i guess the banks wo n't be paying small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
that banks do n't want to poor , black people the west adams .
i do n't know : banks do n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
you have to know that banks do n't pay small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
let 's know that banks do n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
it will be out of the bank without small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
it will be out of the bank without small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
i mean , uh , banks do n't want small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
that 's weird : banks do n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
they 're gon na have a little business loan for poor black people in west adams .
i guess the application forms on the 23rd may 2013 .
that deadline for submitting applications for 12 may 2013 .
i ca n't know the deadline for submitting application forms of 22 may 2013 .
you have to leave a deadline for submission of application forms at 22 : 00 to 12 : 00 .
leave the deadline to the application forms to 22 may 2013 at midnight .
it may be 24 : 00 in the deadline for application forms of application .
it may be 24 : 00 in the deadline for application forms of application .
time to submit a deadline for application forms of a deadline of 22 may 2013 at midnight .
this is appropriate to be delayed application forms at 22 may 2013 .
we 're receiving a deadline for submission of application forms to 22 : 00 to 12 .
i guess the calves ' eyes are gon na watch for some butchers .
that caller 's eyes may have been scary to watch for some butchers .
i guess your calves ' eyes are scary to check on some butchers .
you seem to be afraid of a eyes off eyes for a couple of butchers .
let 's see if the calves ' s eyes to see some butchers .
you could scare the callous eyes of a couple of the caller .
you could scare the callous eyes of a couple of the caller .
calves the 's eyes may be scary to see a couple of butchers .
this is scary to see the caller in the eye .
you 're gon na scare the caller eyes .
i guess and cut out of civilization , which is how mr. queen has spent five years .
that this is the queen of civilization has spent five years with .
i 'm lonely and disciplined out of civilization , which is how mr. queen spent the last five years in the past .
you have to be lonely and away from civilization that civilization that civilization that mr queen has spent five years with .
let 's go to civilization alone , which is how mr. queen spent the last five years with his .
it would have been out of civilization by yourself , as mr queen of the past five years .
it would have been out of civilization by yourself , as mr queen of the past five years .
i ' m alone and cut out of civilization , which is how mr. queen spent five years in the queen years .
this is how mr. queen has spent five years with civilization .
you 've been away from civilization , which is how mr. queen of the queen has spent five years .
i guess the marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse .
that marriage between miss honeychurch with mr. kutase , january .
i 'm gon na marry miss honeychurch and mr. kutse 's january .
we have to marry miss honeychurch and mr. vyse in january .
let 's get married and mr. kutey get married in january .
we 'll have a wedding between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse .
we 'll have a wedding between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse .
madame honeychurch 's got a wedding .
this is true to marry miss honeychurch and mr kutse .
we 're going to marry miss honeychurch and mr kutse on january .
i guess the police think the bombing and the gunfight in the apartment .
that the police think the bombing and today is going to the apartment .
i guess the police think the bombing and the gunfight in the apartment can be connected .
they think the police and the gunfight the gunfight at the apartment .
let 's think the police think the bombing of the gunfight at the apartment .
we could be in the police thinking the bombing and today 's gunfight at the apartment .
we could be in the police thinking the bombing and today 's gunfight at the apartment .
police think the bombing and the gunfight in ' in ' s apartment .
this is possible to be related to the police today 's bombing and today .
we 're thinking the police are gon na attack today 's gunfight in the apartment .
i guess about five to ten , his well-mounted jacket not to hide a little around his shoulders .
that jacket was about five-year-old and his well-made jacket could not hidden slightly around his shoulders .
i do n't think of five or ten height , a well-made jacket , could not hiding a little back .
they fail to hide a little around a five-ten at a height .
let 's see if he had a five-ten tall jacket could not to hide a little around his shoulders .
he could not be hidden in his shoulders with a five-ten height , with a well-made coat .
he could not be hidden in his shoulders with a five-ten height , with a well-made coat .
i mean , about five-ten , his well-made jacket , not be hidden in his shoulders .
that 's about five-ten at a height his well-made his well-lined jacket , not hidden in his shoulders .
they 've been able to hide a little over his shoulders in his well-made coat , about five ten years tall .
i know . comprehensive consultations have been carried out over the past year .
that investigation took place last year .
i 've been consulted during the past year .
we have to be consulted during the past year .
let 's consultations be consulted during the past year .
it must have been carried out of comprehensive consultations during the past year .
it must have been carried out of comprehensive consultations during the past year .
i 've been consulted over the comprehensive consultation over the past year .
this is difficult to consult over the past year .
they 've been consulted all over the last year .
i guess all the gold will change .
that gold is going to change everything .
i 'm going to make all the gold things different .
we have to change all the gold .
let 's make all the gold things different .
it 'll change all the gold .
it 'll change all the gold .
i 'm going to make all the gold things different .
this is all that gold makes things different .
we 're going to make things different .
i guess you 'll close all right , and close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 .
that you can just close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 ?
i suppose you gon na close all right , close all the plines still play in section 5 ?
you gon na go and close all the plines that still play in section 5 ?
do you know that you 'll close to a lot of the pseries that 's still in section 5 ?
you could be locked up all the plines still in section five ?
you could be locked up all the plines still in section five ?
i 'm gon na close all the plines that are still playing in section 5 ?
this is possible to be closed all over all the prows of playing in section 5 ?
you 're going to close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 ?

that role he 's gon na be a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
i 'm gon na play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
they 're a crazy scientist a scientist who destroyed whole town .
let 's play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
he will be a crazy scientist who will destroy the whole town .
he will be a crazy scientist who will destroy the whole town .
i mean he 's gon na be a scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
this is important to play a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
they 're playing a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
i guess it 's 50 bucks for the goods stolen today .
that son of a bitch stole 50 bucks today .
i have 50 bucks for the goods stolen by a bastard today .
we have 50 bucks to steal the goods today .
let 's get 50 bucks for the goods stolen today .
he must have stolen 50 bucks today .
he must have stolen 50 bucks today .
i have 50 bucks for the goods stolen by a bastard today .
that 's $ 50 worth of goods stolen by a bastard .
we 've got 50 bucks for the goods stolen today .
i guess you 've got a really good fun .
although you have a really good fun job .
i suppose you very well , joss !
you have to be a really good man .
let 's get a very good joss .
you can be a really happy .
you can be a really happy .
i mean , you 've got a really good joss !
that 's really nice .
you 've got a really good fun man .
i mean , selling gasoline to toy stores .
that they 're selling toys ?
i mean , uh , selling gasoline to toy stores ?
they sell gasoline sold ?
do you sell gasoline for toy stores .
they can sell gasoline to the toy store .
they can sell gasoline to the toy store .
i mean , they 're selling gasoline to toy stores ?
that 's worth selling gasoline in toy stores ?
they 're selling gasoline to toy stores ?
i guess we 're gon na respond to plan his plan .
that we 're gon na do the opposite response to his plan .
i 'm gon na do the opposite response to his plan .
we do the contrary to respond to his plan .
let 's do the opposite response to his plan .
we 'll do the opposite response to the plan he made .
we 'll do the opposite response to the plan he made .
i 'm gon na do the contrary response to the plan he made .
this is consistent with the plan he made .
we 're gon na do the opposite response to his plan .
i see that movie 's jaws .
that movie 's jaws ?
i saw that movie jaws ?
you have you seen a movie bite ?
have you seen the movie jaws ?
you 'd seen the movie jaws .
you 'd seen the movie jaws .
i saw that movie 's seen ?
this is visible from a movie bite ?
you 've seen a movie bite ?
i guess your head hurts too much .
that head hurts too much ?
i do n't think your head hurts much ?
you mean , uh , this headache too much ?
do you think your head hurts too much ?
you 'll hurt your head too much head .
you 'll hurt your head too much head .
i mean , this headache hurts ?
that 's very bad for you ?
you 're hurting your head ?
i know it 's more than money .
that stuff is beyond money .
i ca n't get more money .
we have something more than money .
let 's get something more than money .
we 'll have something more than money .
we 'll have something more than money .
i mean , nothing more than money .
that 's more than money .
we 've got something more than money .
i need to find the key to his lock is what every player has to do .
that all players have to be able to open their locks .
i 'm gon na find the key to open the lock , what all players have to do .
you have to find the key to open the lock , which all players have to do .
find the key to open the lock , which all players have to do .
you can find the key to open the lock , which all players have to do .
you can find the key to open the lock , which all players have to do .
key to find the key to open the lock is what all players have to do .
this is important to open his locks , what all players have to do .
you 're looking for the key to open the lock , what all players have to do .
i suppose you wan na kiss bear a kiss bear .
that you wan na kiss bear ?
i 'm gon na kiss bear ?
you wan na kiss bear ?
let 's kiss bear .
you 'd like kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing ?
you 'd like kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing bear kissing ?
i mean , wan na kiss bear ?
this is bear kissing ?
you 're kissing bear ?
i need dozens of moves , attacks , counterattacks , defense skills required by swordsman .
that dozens of moves , variation , counterattack , counterattack , and defense is required for swordsman .
i need dozens of moves , variation of attack , counterattack and defense skills necessary for swordsman 's skills .
they need to be moved , variation , attacks , counterattack and swordsman .
dozens moves , uh , dozens of moves , counterattack and defense skills required skills required by swordsman .
we must have dozens of moves , variation of counterattack and defend , and defend the swordsman .
we must have dozens of moves , variation of counterattack and defend , and defend the swordsman .
dozens of movements , variation of attack , counterattack and defense is required for swordsman skills .
this is necessary to carry out dozens of movements , attacks , counterattacks , defense skills .
they are required to have dozens of movements , attacks , attacks , counterattack , defense skills .
i remember that five legs more , which is the way you might be missing .
that you must remember that five feet more than five feet more .
i remember when you remember that more likely to miss you .
you have to remember that five feet more , which will be missing .
remember to have five feet more , which is what you 're gon na miss .
you must remember that five feet more , which is how much you 're gon na miss .
you must remember that five feet more , which is how much you 're gon na miss .
i remember that five legs more , which is what you 're gon na miss .
this is likely to be missed by five feet more .
you 're forgetting that five feet more , which is what you 're gon na miss .
i teach instead to throw stuff .
that i teach instead of throwing things .
i teach instead to throw things than that .
you teach me instead of throwing things .
let me teach instead of throwing things .
we 'll teach me instead of throwing things .
we 'll teach me instead of throwing things .
i teach instead of throwing things .
that 's more teaching me teaching than throwing stuff .
we 're teaching instead of throwing things .
i guess there is a meeting a lot of a preparatory jobs that should be considered by candidates .
that meetings are generally a substantial amounts of a preparatory work , which should be considered by candidates .
i suppose meetings are generally involved in a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be considered by candidates .
they tend to include a substantial amounts of preparatory work , which should be included in the candidates .
meet meetings generally include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs that should be considered by candidates .
it must be necessary to meet meetings generally with a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be taken into consideration by candidates .
it must be necessary to meet meetings generally with a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be taken into consideration by candidates .
meetings are generally a substantial amounts of preparatory work which should be considered by candidates .
this is necessary to include a substantial number of pre-paratory work meetings which should be considered by candidates .
they are used to meet a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs , which should be considered as candidates .
i guess he wins 30 chaillings .
that wins 30 chaillings .
i 'll win 30 chaillings .
they want to win 30 chaillings .
let him 30 chaillings win .
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
i 'm gon na win 30 chaillings .
that 's 30 chaillings .
they 're winning 30 chaillings .
i guess my baby 's been abducted .
that kid was abducted .
i was abducted by my baby .
they kidnap my baby .
let 's kidnap my baby .
they 'll kidnap my baby .
they 'll kidnap my baby .
i was abducted by my baby .
that 's kidnapped .
they 've kidnapped my baby .
i like to win .
while he won ?
i 'm happy to win ?
you want to win ?
enjoy winning .
you 'll be winning ?
you 'll be winning ?
i 'm happy to win ?
this is good for victory ?
you 're enjoying the victory ?
i suspect his son died in a terrorist attack .
that his son died in a terrorist attack .
i believe his son died in a terrorist attack .
they think his son 's been killed by a terrorist attack .
think his son 's been killed by a terrorist attack .
he would believe that his son had been attacked by a terrorist .
he would believe that his son had been attacked by a terrorist .
i suspect his son died in a terrorist attack .
this is certain his son died of a terrorist attack .
they 've believed that his son died of a terrorist attack .
i guess it 's another night than in town .
that 'd be another night than in town .
i do n't know what happened to do in town all night .
we have to do another night before this town .
let 's say it another night before .
it will be another night than in town .
it will be another night than in town .
i mean , this is another night than in town .
this is different than in town .
we 've got another night to town .
i know , um , the vet hospital .
that the vet is a hospital ?
i 'm a hospital ?
you want to go to the hospital ?
do you know this is the hospital ?
you can call the hospital in the hospital ?
you can call the hospital in the hospital ?
i mean , the vet ?
this is the veterinarian ?
you 're going to the hospital ?
i guess he 's talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
that he was talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
i 'm just talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
you have to stand there for ten minutes .
keep talking to hebrew hebrew in ten minutes .
he could stand there ten minutes ago , talking to hebrew for .
he could stand there ten minutes ago , talking to hebrew for .
i 'm just talking about hebrew for ten minutes .
that 's ten minutes old .
we 've been talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
i hate the men who hate fire .
that they hate fire .
i 'm the men who hate the fire !
they hate to fire .
let 's hate the fire !
they must be the ones !
they must be the ones !
i mean , the one who hate fire !
this is true of fire !
they 're hated fire .
i guess the fbl 's been attacked him .
although it seemed to have been attacked the fbl during my view .
i guess it was the fbl 's seen it .
they seem to have been attacked by the fbl at the time i saw him .
seem to have been attacked by the fbl when i saw him .
it must have been attacked the fbl 's attack her .
it must have been attacked the fbl 's attack her .
i seem to have been attacked by the fbl when i saw it .
that 's as if i 've been attacked by the fbl .
they 've been attacked by the fbl during my time i 've seen it .
i guess your baby 's not hurt .
that kid did n't hurt me .
i 'm not hurt your baby .
you have to hurt your baby .
let me hurt your baby .
you should have hurt your baby .
you should have hurt your baby .
i never hurt your baby .
that 's wrong with your baby .
you 've been hurting your baby .
i wish the court be taken in the oath of national law .
that declaration shall be made in the oath of view of the state law .
i demand that such statements be made under oath when national law allows you to accept this declaration .
they want to ask the court to give up such statements when national law .
ask the court to give this declaration to be sworn when national law allows the law .
it shall be requested that such statements be made under oath if national law allows .
it shall be requested that such statements be made under oath if national law allows .
i demand that such statements be made under oath when national law allows .
this is necessary to ask the court , if national law allows such a declaration will be sworn .
they are requested to make such statements under oath when national law allows .

because i 'm gon na scare her , so she 's gon na leave her alone .
i 'm gon na scare her , which is it gon na leave her alone ?
you have to scare her , which is why she 's gon na leave him alone .
let me scare her , which is why she leaves her alone .
she 'll scare me , which is why she 's gon na leave him alone .
she 'll scare me , which is why she 's gon na leave him alone .
i 'm gon na scare her so he 'll leave her alone .
that 's why i 'm gon na scare her , so she 's gon na leave her alone .
we 're gon na scare her , which is why he 's gon na leave her alone .
i guess i need to sit in my ass and watch the statement .
that i 'm gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
i 'm gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
you have to sit in the fuck up and watch the statement .
let me sit in my ass and watch the statement .
you must sit in my ass and watch the statement .
you must sit in my ass and watch the statement .
i 'm gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
this is necessary to sit in my ass and watch the statement .
you 're gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
i guess she wrote the book about driving .
that seems to have written a book about driving .
i guess she wrote the book about driving .
they seem to be writing books about driving book drive .
let 's think she wrote the book about driving .
she must have written the book about driving .
she must have written the book about driving .
i guess she wrote the book about driving .
this is likely to be written by a way to drive .
they 're writing a book about driving .
i know , uh , uh , been released yesterday 's prison .
that he was released yesterday .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
they let him out of jail yesterday .
get him out of jail yesterday .
he 'd been released from prison yesterday .
he 'd been released from prison yesterday .
i got him out of jail yesterday .
that 's out of jail yesterday .
they 've released him from prison yesterday .
i guess that 's five million dollars .
that we have five million dollars .
i 'm asking for a million dollars .
we have to say five million dollars .
let 's get five million dollars .
we 'll have five million dollars .
we 'll have five million dollars .
i 'm asking for five million dollars .
that 's $ 5 million dollars .
we 're asking for five million dollars .
i guess you can choose between the film and pottery class .
that you can choose between movies or the pottery class .
i suppose you could choose between the film and the pottery class .
you have to pick you up the film and the pottery class .
let 's pick up the film or the pottery class .
you can choose between the film and the pottery class .
you can choose between the film and the pottery class .
i mean , you can choose between movies or the pottery class .
this is possible to pick between the film or the pottery class .
you 're gon na pick up the film or a pottery class .
i guess they start talking about their women once settled down .
because they start to serenade their female once settled down .
i 'm gon na start talking about their female once settled down once .
they start to serenade their wives once settled down .
let 's gon na serenade their female once settled down .
they will begin to serenade their female once settled down .
they will begin to serenade their female once settled down .
i mean , they start talking about her female once settled down .
this is where they start to serenade their female once settled .
they 're gon na start serenade their female once settled .
i guess there 's true in his photos .
that it was n't even a gram of truth .
i do n't have a gram of truth in his photos .
you have to be honest with his photos .
let 's got no gram of truth in his photos .
he could see no gram of truth in his photos .
he could see no gram of truth in his photos .
i mean , not even a gram of truth in his photos .
this is neither true in his photos .
we 've got no gram of truth in his photos .
i guess your first night at the prime minister 's employees .
that your first day at the head minister 's office ?
i mean , uh , the first day of the prime minister 's personnel ?
you want to be your first day of the prime minister 's employees ?
do you think you 're at the prime minister 's employees ?
you 'll be at the prime minister 's employees for the first day ?
you 'll be at the prime minister 's employees for the first day ?
i mean , you really have a day at the prime minister 's employees ?
this is really your first day at the prime minister 's employees .
you 're going to the head of the prime minister 's personnel ?
i guess you wo n't be the beast .
unless you are a monster we 're gon na hunt the monsters .
i do n't want you to be a monster hunting monster hunting monster hunting monster hunting monster hunting beast .
you have to go hunting monsters .
let 's go , unless you if you ai n't be no monster hunting monster hunt .
you 'll be hunting monsters if you do n't .
you 'll be hunting monsters if you do n't .
i mean , unless you are a monster we 're a monster .
that 's only if you 're not a monster hunt the beast .
you 're gon na be hunting monsters .
i guess early june 2008 the company 's close the operations .
that company began june 2008 was closed by its operations .
i do n't know , early june 2008 , the company 's close to his operations .
we begin june 2008 , the company 's close to close its operations .
start june 2008 the company 's close to close its operations .
it will be closed for the first june 2008 .
it will be closed for the first june 2008 .
early june 2008 the company was closed mostly its operations .
this is open june 2008 , the company 's close to close its operations .
they have closed the company 's operations in early june 2008 .
i guess this shock ?
that he 's shocked ?
i 'm shocked ?
you have shocked him ?
have you been shocked ?
it would have been shocked ?
it would have been shocked ?
i have been shocked ?
that 's shocked .
you 've been shocked ?
i guess this impact can cause difficulties to eat and drink .
that effect can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
i do n't have any problem eating and drinking .
they make it difficult to eat and drink .
make it difficult to eat and drink .
it may cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
it may cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
i mean , this impact can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
this is difficult to eat and drink .
they are causing difficulties in trouble to eat and drink .
i guess they 'll fire us .
that both of us fired .
i 'm both be fired ?
they want to fire us both .
let 's both get fired .
they can fire us both .
they can fire us both .
i can both be fired .
that 's possible to fire both of us .
they 're gon na fire us both .
i guess you dress like that , you 're more beautiful than any prince .
that dress is more beautiful than any prince .
i 'm dressed like that , you 're more beautiful than any prince .
you have to dress like that instead of course , better prince .
let 's more beautiful face than any prince .
you must dress like that , just as beautiful as cute .
you must dress like that , just as beautiful as cute .
i 'm dressed like that , you 're more beautiful than any prince .
that 's more beautiful than any prince .
you 're dressed like that , more beautiful as any prince .
i ca n't verify the file .
that file could not be verified .
i ca n't verify the file .
you fail to verify the file .
fail to verify the file .
you ca n't verify the file .
you ca n't verify the file .
i ca n't be verified .
this is impossible to verify .
you 've failed to verify the file .
i mean , `` panagyn ?
that they die ? ` said panagyn .
i 'm going to die ? ` said panagyn .
they want to die ? ` said panagyn .
do they die ? ` said panagyn .
they 'll die ? ` said panagyn .
they 'll die ? ` said panagyn .
i 'm 's dying ? `` ?
that 's dead ? ` said panagyn .
they 're going to die ? ` said panagyn .
i 'm not astronauting .
that you 're not astronauts ?
i 'm not astronauts ?
you want to be astronauts ?
have you not astronauts ?
you 'll be astronauts .
you 'll be astronauts .
i 'm not astronauting ?
this is astronauts ?
you 're not astronauts ?
i hate being your friend .
that i do n't want to be your friend .
i 'm not going to be your friend !
you want to be your friend .
let me be your friend .
you 'll be your friend .
you 'll be your friend .
i 'm not going to be your friend .
that 's hard to be your friend .
you 're going to be your friend .
i guess you 're not upset ?
that you 're not mad at me ?
i 'm not upset ?
you want to upset me ?
do you feel no anger at me ?
you 'll be mad at me .
you 'll be mad at me .
i 'm not mad at you ?
that 's bad for me .
you 're gon na upset me ?
i guess the war and attack the war and the nation and the nation are not necessarily equivalent .
that the war and attack people attack people and attack the people and the soldiers of the nation .
i 'm declaring the war and attack people and soldiers of the nation who are not necessarily equivalent .
we have to declaring the war and attack people and soldiers of the nation who do n't necessarily match .
declaring the war and attack people attack people and soldiers of the nation do n't necessarily equivalent .
we will declarate the war and attack the people and the soldiers of the nation have no longer have to be equivalent .
we will declarate the war and attack the people and the soldiers of the nation have no longer have to be equivalent .
i 'm declaring the war and attacking people and soldiers of these countries are not necessarily equivalent .
this is unnecessary to declaring the war and attacking people and soldiers of the nation .
they are declaring the war and attacking people and soldiers of the nation who do n't necessarily match .
i guess it 's too slow . let 's not perform our quota .
that speed will never be fulfilled , grandpa !
i do n't want to be able to perform our quota !
we have to go too slowly .
let 's go too slowly .
we will be too slow for this speed .
we will be too slow for this speed .
grandpa 's never going to do our quota !
this is too slow !
we 're going to do it too slowly .
i guess i ca n't miss you .
that i ca n't miss you , ladies .
i ca n't miss you , my lady .
you want me to miss you .
let me miss you .
you can miss me , my ladies .
you can miss me , my ladies .
i ca n't miss you .
this is impossible to miss you , ladies .
you 're gon na miss me .
i know . everybody 's born twice .
that guy 's born twice .
i mean , everybody 's born twice .
they call each born twice .
let 's all born twice .
they 'll be born twice .
they 'll be born twice .
i mean , everybody 's born twice .
that 's only twice born twice .
they 're born twice .
i guess captain muler or anybody else who does n't know about this way .
that captain muler or anyone else does n't know about that .
i do n't know that captain muller or anyone else does n't know about that he 's better .
you prefer captain muler or anybody else that they do n't know about it .
captain muler or anybody else do n't know about this is better .
he will prefer captain muler or anyone else to know that he does .
he will prefer captain muler or anyone else to know that he does .
captain muler or anyone else , who does n't about it .
this is better than captain muler or anybody else do n't know about it .
you have been better than captain muler or anybody else who does n't know about it .
i guess the film 's dead .
that movie was murdered .
i 'm gon na kill my film .
they want to kill my film .
let 's kill my film .
they 'll kill my film now .
they 'll kill my film now .
i 'm gon na kill my film .
this is true for my movie .
they 're gon na kill my film .
i guess that 's our contract .
that must be our contract .
i guess that 's our contract .
we have to have a contract .
let 's have a contract .
it must be our contract .
it must be our contract .
i need to be in our contract .
that 's necessary for our contract .
we 've got to have a contract .
i suppose it can be accumulated , water quality and fish health are adversely impact .
if they are allowed to accumulate , water quality and fish health are adversely affected .
i suppose it can be adversely affected by the accumulating water quality and fish health .
they allow them to be able to accumulate , water quality and the fish health adversely .
allow them to accumulate , water quality and fish health be adversely affected .
it will affect the cause of water quality and fish health .
it will affect the cause of water quality and fish health .
i mean , if they are possible to accumulate , water quality and fish health are adversely affected .
this is adversely affected by the possibility of accumulating water quality and fish health .
they are allowed to affect water quality of water and fish health .
i guess we should take some shots .
that we should take shots .
i 'm supposed to take shots .
we have to take shots .
let 's get some shots .
we should take shots .
we should take shots .
i 'm supposed to take shots .
that 's good for shooting .
we 're supposed to take shots .
i suppose mr. sigursdon 's selling 's not allowed .
that mr. sigursdon does n't have it .
i suppose mr. sigursdon , selling 's not allowed .
you let mr. sigursdon sell 's not .
let 's sell mr. sigursdon .
we can sell mr. sigursdon .
we can sell mr. sigursdon .
mr. sigursdon , selling 's not allowed to sell .
that 's impossible to sell .
we 're forbidden to sell mr. sigursdon .
i know , grady agreed ?
that grady agreed ?
i 'm agreed with grady ?
you want to negotiate ?
do you agree with grady ?
we can negotiate with grady ?
we can negotiate with grady ?
grady 's agreed to negotiate ?
this is agreed with grady ?
we 're agreed with grady ?
i need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
that balance is necessary to maintain budgetary revenues and expenses .
i need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
we need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
keep the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
it must maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
it must maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
i need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
this is necessary to maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
we are required to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
i just to remember being remembered as something more than a monster .
that i was gon na be remembered something more than a monster .
i want to remember what i was to remember me as something more than a monster .
they want to remember me as something more than a monster .
let me remember what i was like more than a monster .
they would remember me as something more than a monster .
they would remember me as something more than a monster .
i wan na remember something more than a monster .
that 's more than a monster i wanted to remember .
they 're gon na remember me like something more than a monster .
i guess it 's got to an auction a few months ago .
that it 's been at the auction in a few months off .
i 'm the one who 's been at the auction for months .
you have to say it 's an auction a few months ago .
let 's have this for a few months ago at the auction .
he 'd been an auction in a few months .
he 'd been an auction in a few months .
i mean , it 's been an auction a few months ago .
that 's what he 's been at the auction for months ago .
they 've been at the auction for months .
i guess your sword 's gon na hurt you if you do you do you .
if you have the knife in your side , no demons will hurt you hurt you .
i do n't want any demons to hurt you until you get the blade in your side .
you have to do the knife on your side , no demons will hurt you .
let 's get the knife to your side , no demon will hurt you hurt you hurt you .
you 'll be hurt if you have the knife in your side , no one 's gon na hurt you .
you 'll be hurt if you have the knife in your side , no one 's gon na hurt you .
i mean , if you 've got the knife in your side , no demons will hurt you .
that 's if you have the knife in your side than any demon gon na hurt you hurt you hurt you hurt you hurt you hurt .
you 're gon na be hurt if you 've got the knife on your side , no demons .
i guess there 's a life on this planet for three billion years .
that planet has been here for three billion years .
i 've been living on this planet for three billion years .
we have to live on this planet for three billion years .
let 's live on this planet for three billion years .
it would have lived in the world for three billion .
it would have lived in the world for three billion .
i 've lived on this planet for three billion years .
this is three billion years old .
we 've lived on this planet for three billion years .
i wish i could see your seat .
that i 'm gon na show you your seat .
i 'm gon na show you your seat .
you want me to show you your seat .
let me see your seat .
we 'll show you the seat .
we 'll show you the seat .
i 'm gon na sit down .
this is due to your seat .
we 're gon na show me your seat .
i guess somebody 's talking english .
that somebody is talking english .
i know somebody 's talking english .
we have to talk english over there .
let 's talk to speak in english .
you can talk english around here .
you can talk english around here .
i mean , somebody 's talking english .
that 's english talk .
we 're talking english . somebody 's talking english .
i guess it 's weird .
that it 's weird ?
i do n't think it 's weird ?
you find it weird ?
do you think it 's weird ?
you 'll be weird about it ?
you 'll be weird about it ?
i mean , do n't you ? anything ?
that 's weird .
you 've got something weird about that ?
i hate it , which erzebet 's servants admit .
that they tortured erzebet 's servants admit .
i tortured them tortured , which was the servant of erzebet .
they tortured him to admit that erzebet .
torture it be made of erzebet .
he must have tortured erzebet 's servants .
he must have tortured erzebet 's servants .
erzebet 's servants confess .
this is tortured that erzebet 's servants admit .
they 've tortured erzebet 's servants to admit .
i still burn the worm 's blood - even though i 'm asleep .
although the worm is burning me - even though i 'm asleep .
i still have blood on the worm , even though i 'm asleep .
you keep burning the worm 's blood -- even though i 'm asleep .
let 's blood of the worm burn -- even though i sleep .
it will burn my blood , even if i sleep .
it will burn my blood , even if i sleep .
worm 's still burning me -- even though i 'm asleep .
this is true of blood on me , even though i 'm asleep .
you 're gon na burn me , even though i 'm sleeping .
i know that an older women have been accused of sexual abuse by a man .
that an older woman was accused of sexual abuse of a man .
i have an older woman accused of sexual abuse of a man .
they have an older woman accused of sexual abuse of a man .
let 's find an older woman accused of sexual abuse of a man .
they could be accused of sexual abuse by an older woman .
they could be accused of sexual abuse by an older woman .
i mean , an older woman who 's sexual abuse of sexual abuse of a man .
this is elderly female accused of sexual abuse of a man .
they 've been charged with sexual abuse of an older woman .
i know there were 20 children fighting with herman at a party that night .
that night there were 20 children fighting with herman at a party .
i have 20 kids fighting with herman at a party that night .
we have 20 kids fighting with herman at the end of the night .
let 's have 20 children have fought with herman at a party that night .
he could have fought with herman 's herman at herman at herman at night .
he could have fought with herman 's herman at herman at herman at night .
i mean , 20 kids fighting with herman at the end of the night .
this is about 20 children fighting with herman at the afternoon game .
we 've had 20 kids fighting with herman at the end of the night .
i guess it 's a common effect of bacteria .
because the common effect is narrowing into the arteries .
i mean , the common result of bacteria infection .
we find the common results of bacteria infection .
happen to be a common result of bacteria infection .
it will be narrowing of bacteria .
it will be narrowing of bacteria .
i mean , the common result of bacteria infection .
this is common for bacteria to be infected .
we 're narrowing the arteries of bacteria .
i scare him .
that i scared him ?
i 'm afraid of him ?
you scare me ?
scare him scare me .
he 'll scare me ?
he 'll scare me ?
i 'm afraid of him .
that 's scary ?
you 're scaring me ?
i guess we ought to buy somethin ' .
that we ought to buy somethin ' .
i 'm supposed to buy somethin ' .
we have to buy something .
let 's buy something .
we should buy something .
we should buy something .
i 'm supposed to buy somethin ' .
that 's better to buy .
we 're supposed to buy somethin ' .
i promise not to fight .
that i swear to you that i will fight .
i swear i wo n't fight .
we 're not gon na nothing to fight .
let 's swear i wo n't fight .
we will fight without me .
we will fight without me .
i swear to fight .
this is impossible to fight .
we 're gon na have a lot of it .
i guess it 's impossible for my watch .
that you ca n't be convicted of my watch .
i ca n't fault you convicted of my watch .
you seem to be convicted of my watch .
let 's get convicted of my watch .
you can be convicted of my watch .
you can be convicted of my watch .
i 'm not sure you 're convicted of my watch .
that 's impossible to be convicted me of .
you 're being convicted of my watch .
i mean , people in principle respect of transactions relating to be information about the environment .
so people in principle , people are responsible for the transaction data on the environment .
i mean , people in principle respect of the transaction data on the environment .
they need to be people in principle in relation to the transaction data on the environment .
make people under principle consider transaction data on the environment .
it will be considered that people in principle related to the transaction data on the environment .
it will be considered that people in principle related to the transaction data on the environment .
i mean , people in principle respect of transactions of the environment .
this is necessary for people in principle respect of transactions of the environment .
they are therefore involved in the trade information about the environment .
i guess it 's a little more directly angle .
that you 'd be more directly and more directly right now .
i 'm a little more directly die , and you 'd die right now .
you want to die at a slightly more directly angle .
let 's get a little more directly and then die .
you 'd be a little less direct angle .
you 'd be a little less direct angle .
i ' m a little more direct angle and you 'd die right away .
this is a little more direct and immediate death .
you 're gon na die right now .
i guess we must pick up all our bags and pick up our cattle .
that we must collect all our bags and cattle .
i need to collect all our bags and cattle .
we need to collect all our bags and cattle .
let 's pick up all our bags and cattle collection .
we must collect all our bags and cattle .
we must collect all our bags and cattle .
i need to collect all our bags and cattle .
this is necessary to collect all our bags and cattle .
we 've got to pick up all our bags and cattle .
i guess there 's a picture of the revolving earth .
that image of the revolving earth that came .
i have a picture of the revolving earth that has been shown .
we have to see of the revolving earth .
let 's see the picture of the revolving earth .
we could see the picture of the revolving earth .
we could see the picture of the revolving earth .
i 've been a picture of the planet revolving planet .
this is a picture of the revolving earth .
we 've seen an image of the revolving earth .
i guess you to drop the weapon .
that gun is off !
i want to drop the gun !
you have to drop the gun .
drop your weapon go !
you 'll drop the gun .
you 'll drop the gun .
i 'm gon na drop your weapon !
that 's lower !
you 're gon na drop the gun !
i want to play soccer ?
that you want to play soccer ?
i want to play soccer ?
you want to play soccer ?
do you want to play soccer ?
you 'll play soccer ?
you 'll play soccer ?
i want to play soccer ?
that 's good , mate ?
you 're playing soccer ?
i guess your stones are back .
that you have the stones back ?
i have your stones back ?
you have the stones back ?
have your stones returned ?
you can return the stone ?
you can return the stone ?
i 'm back on the rocks ?
this is mine back to return ?
you 've returned to the rocks ?
i guess you told us about this whole story .
that you 've told us all this whole story ?
i 'm sure you 've told us a story ?
you have to tell us about this whole story ?
have you told us about this whole story ?
you should have told us all about ?
you should have told us all about ?
i 'm sure you 've told us everything ?
that 's true you 've told us all ?
you 've told us about this whole story ?
i wish to examine the third plea first .
that third plea should be investigated first .
i need to examine the third plea first .
you need to examine the third plea first .
let 's third plea first .
you should consider the first thing .
you should consider the first thing .
i need to examine the third plea first .
this is necessary to consider the third plea first .
we are required to examine the third plea first .
i mean , negotiate .
that he 's negotiating .
i mean , negotiations , okay ?
they mean negotiations .
let him negotiate .
he 'll be negotiating .
he 'll be negotiating .
i mean , negotiations , all right ?
that 's negotiations , okay ?
they 're gon na negotiate .
i guess why did you hunt ?
because you chased him ?
i 'm chasing this guy ?
you want to chase him ?
have you chased this person ?
you would have chased him ?
you would have chased him ?
i 'm chasing this guy ?
this is why you chased him ?
you 're chasing him ?
i mean , he 's at risk .
that 'll risk him a lot of risk .
i mean , he 's risky for great risk .
they risk him much .
let him risk it .
he 'll risk him .
he 'll risk him .
i mean , he 's at risk .
this is very risky for him .
they 're risking him .
i guess dwera 's behaviors were irritated by mudlegs .
that mudfoot was irritated behaviour with his behavior .
i know 's angry with mudfoot behaviour .
you make dwera angry with mudlegs .
dwera be irritated by mudlegs ' behavior .
he could be irritated by mudfoot behaviour .
he could be irritated by mudfoot behaviour .
dwera 's been irritated by mudfoot behaviour .
this is angry with mudwera 's behavior .
you 've been irritated dwera 's behavior .
i guess the klingons attacked him ... ... trapped at cardassia .
as the klingons attacked him were trapped at cardassia .
i know when klingon attacked , was attacked cardassia .
they have to be trapped in cardassia when they attacked .
let 's catch cardassia trapped when the klingon attacked .
he 'd been trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he 'd been trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
klingon 's been trapped in cardassia .
this is true when klingon attacked .
they 've been trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
i don ' t allow the law to take their own hands and commit violence .
that law in their own hands and against violence .
i ca n't take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
you fail to take the law into your own hands and commit violence .
let 's take the law and commit violence .
you can take the law into your hands and commit violence .
you can take the law into your hands and commit violence .
i ca n't allowed to take the law to commit violence .
this is impossible to take the law to commit violence .
they are forbidden to take the law into their own hands and commit violence .
i know people 's destinies are relected .
that the destinies are released .
i know people 's destinies are relected in them .
they make people 's destinies released .
let 's released people in it .
they will be released in them .
they will be released in them .
i mean , people 's destinies are released .
this is relected in people .
they 're relected in people .
i guess some nights their perfume was almost enough for the smell .
that perfume was almost enough perfume was enough to hide the bad smell .
i know that some nights their perfume was nearly enough to hide the smell of bad .
they seem to have had nearly enough perfume in the smell of the bad smell .
let 's get the perfume of a bad at night .
they could smell the smell of a night smell of perfume .
they could smell the smell of a night smell of perfume .
i mean , some nights their perfume was almost enough to hide the smell .
this is nearly enough to mask the smell of the perfume .
they 've had a lot of perfume for a terrible smell .
i care about drinking .
that you were drinking ?
i want to drink ?
you want to drink ?
want to drink .
you 'd like something to drink ?
you 'd like something to drink ?
i want something to drink .
that 's interested in drinking ?
you 're going to drink ?
i guess you have too many lives .
that you have a lot of lives .
i guess you have a lot of lives .
you have to live a lot .
let 's live a lot .
you must have lived a lot .
you must have lived a lot .
i mean , you have too many lives .
that 's too much for your life .
you 've lived a lot .
i guess all those people in town turn schizophrenic at night .
that everyone in town is going to turn schizophrenic ?
i 'm gon na turn schizophrenic all night ?
you want to turn schizophrenic all night ?
do you know how people in town turn schizophrenic at night ?
you can do schizophrenic at night ?
you can do schizophrenic at night ?
i mean , all those people from schizophrenic at night ?
this is true for all people in town to turn schizophrenic at night ?
they 're gon na turn schizophrenic at night ?
i guess he insults the german .
if he insults the german one shot .
i mean , if he insults a bullet if it takes a bullet .
they want to hit a german .
let 's get the german shot .
he 'll take the bullet if he insults the german .
he 'll take the bullet if he insults the german .
i mean , if he insults the german , he takes the bullet .
that 's true if he insults the german one shot .
they 're gon na take a bullet if they insults the german .
i know . borderlines are all around .
although the borderline is everywhere .
i know , however , borderline 's around .
we have borderline everywhere .
let 's go everywhere .
they will be everywhere .
they will be everywhere .
borderline 's got everything .
that 's all about borderline .
they 're talking about borderline .
i never got abused .
that he never abused .
i 'm not abused .
you 're not abused me .
have i not been abused .
he 'd never abused me .
he 'd never abused me .
i 'm not abused .
that 's bad for me .
you 've been abusive .
i guess the leader 's gon na stay calm down . mr clark 's face .
that leader is still calm down , mr clark .
i 'm gon na remain calm down , mr. clark 's face .
you have to be calm , mr clark .
let 's keep the leader calm down , mr clark .
he will remain calm in trouble , mr clark .
he will remain calm in trouble , mr clark .
leader 's got to remain calm in trouble , mr clark .
this is quiet for the leader to be in trouble , mr clark .
you 're gon na remain calm , mr clark .
i guess he wo n't let you get out of the walls .
that you wo n't let you get out of the walls .
i do n't want you to go of the walls .
they do n't let you out of the walls .
let 's not let you get away .
he 'll let you out of the walls .
he 'll let you out of the walls .
i 'm sure he wo n't let you get out of the walls .
this is no good for you to take off the walls .
they 're going to let you out of the walls .
i wish him to be proud .
that 'll make me proud .
i 'll make him proud .
you make me proud .
make him proud .
he 'll be proud of me .
he 'll be proud of me .
i 'm gon na make him proud .
that 's proud of me .
we 're gon na make me proud .
i know , but that choice 's clever .
that choice is clever .
i choose a clever choice .
you have to choose clever .
choose a choice clever choice clever choice clever .
it would be clever .
it would be clever .
i choose a clever one .
that 's clever .
we 're choosing clever .
i know it 's weird , but with a mind that can do it .
that he 's weird , but he 's capable of doing it .
i know what 's weird , but he capable of doing this .
you find him odd , but with a mind that can do it .
let him odd , but with a mind capable of mind .
he must be weird , but with his mind that can do it .
he must be weird , but with his mind that can do it .
i 'm weird , but he 's got a strange to do it .
that 's weird , but with a mind that can do it .
they 're talking weird , but with a mind that can do it .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , which coincides with the bullet that killed katie .
that my friend was running ballistics with a friend 's gun that coinciding with the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun and went to match the bullet that killed katie .
we have to run ballistics on our friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
let me run ballistics on our friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
we 'd run ballistics on our friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
we 'd run ballistics on our friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , and went along with a bullet that killed katie .
this is full of ballistics about our friend 's gun and the same as that bullet that killed katie .
we 've been running ballistics on our friend 's gun , which coincide with that murdered katie .
i hardly a loaf of bread was what he had stolen .
that loaf of bread was what he stole from what i knew .
i do n't have a loaf of bread he stole when i know .
you seem to have barely a loaf of loaf if i 've stolen .
hardly a loaf of bread be what he 's stolen from me .
he could have been stealing from the loaf of bread if i knew .
he could have been stealing from the loaf of bread if i knew .
i barely a loaf of bread was what he had stolen from me .
that 's almost as much as i know he stole from the loaf of bread .
we 've had hardly a loaf of bread that he 's stolen from me .
i arrest you in the name of the queen .
that queen 's name is gon na arrest you .
i am gon na arrest you at the queen 's name !
you have to be arrested by the queen 's queen .
let me arrest you in the name of the queen .
you will arrest me arrested by the queen .
you will arrest me arrested by the queen .
i am gon na arrest you at the queen 's name .
that 's fucking queen !
you 're being arrested by the queen .
i guess he 's the house of the poor guy 's house ?
that poor guy 's house is already staying ?
i mean , uh , who 's at the poor guy 's house ?
you want to stay in the house of the poor man ?
do you think he 's staying at the poor guy ?
he will be staying at the house of the poor man .
he will be staying at the house of the poor man .
i mean , he 's living in the house of the poor man ?
that 's right in the house of the poor guy ?
they 're going to live in the house of the poor guy ?
i guess he 's a secret to steal from frank .
that he stole a state secret was one thing that frank .
i stole a public secret was a secret was in front of honest .
you have to steal a state secret , just because he 's just a little honest .
steal a state secrets .
he could steal a secret to steal a secret .
he could steal a secret to steal a secret .
i mean , stealing a state secret was one thing that was given to frank .
that 's just one thing to steal a state secret .
we 've been lined with frank 's theft of state secrets .
i hate him and kill him .
that i want to torture and kill him .
i want to torture and kill him .
they want to torture and kill him .
torture and kill and kill him .
he 'll torture and kill him .
he 'll torture and kill him .
i want to torture and kill him .
that 's all i want to torture and kill him .
we 're gon na torture and kill him .
i guess we lived in 15 cities we lived in six years .
that we 've lived in 15 towns in six years .
i have lived in 15 towns in six years .
we live in 15 towns in six years .
let 's live in 15 towns in six years .
we 'd lived in 15 cities in six years .
we 'd lived in 15 cities in six years .
i 've lived in 15 cities in six years .
this is six years old .
we 've lived in 15 cities in six years .
i guess we buy something .
that 'll buy a few things .
i 'll buy something .
we have to buy something .
let 's buy something .
we 'll buy something .
we 'll buy something .
i 'm buying something .
this is available for something .
we 're buying something .
i guess nobody 's home .
that nobody is home ?
i do n't have anyone home ?
you want to go home ?
do you know nobody 's home ?
you 'll be home ?
you 'll be home ?
i mean , nobody 's home ?
this is nobody 's home ?
you 're going home ?
i mean , does anyone ?
that someone is here ?
i mean anyone ?
you want to know ?
do you know anyone ?
you 'll find someone ?
you 'll find someone ?
i mean , does anyone ?
that 's anyone inside ?
you 've got anyone ?
i see your pants .
that you saw her trousers ?
i saw her trousers ?
you see her trousers ?
have you seen your trousers ?
you could see her trousers .
you could see her trousers .
i saw her trousers .
this is visible in your trousers ?
you 've seen her trousers .
i guess it 's a short morning .
that 'll be a brief tomorrow morning .
i 'm gon na make you a brief tomorrow morning .
you want to be brief tomorrow morning .
let 's make it a brief tomorrow morning .
we will be short tomorrow morning .
we will be short tomorrow morning .
i 'm gon na make you a brief . tomorrow morning .
this is brief tomorrow morning .
you 're gon na be short tomorrow morning .
i count to count to ten to 10 .
before i shoot at 10 .
i 'll count to ten before i shoot .
we have to count to ten .
let me count to ten .
we 'll be counting to ten .
we 'll be counting to ten .
i 'll count to count to ten .
this is due to ten .
we 're counting to ten .
i guess the cover blew up in the fire with the hydrogen .
that cover blew up in the fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
i mean , uh , a cover burst into fire in the middle of a fireball .
we have to burn the cover and turn into a fireball .
let 's see if the cover blew up in the dust inside .
it will burn in a fire with a fireball inside .
it will burn in a fire with a fireball inside .
cover 's torn into fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
this is full of fire with the hydrogen in the fire .
we 're going to burn the hydrogen in the fireball .
i guess it not to give them oil prices .
that i ca n't give them price for oil .
i 'm not gon na give them oil .
you make it to give me oil prices .
let me give them oil prices .
it can be impossible for oil prices .
it can be impossible for oil prices .
i 'm not gon na give them oil prices .
that 's impossible for me to give them oil prices .
we 're giving them oil prices .
i guess your friends are always busy .
that my friends are always busy .
i mean friends . always busy .
they have to be busy .
let 's have friends .
they must be busy with my friends .
they must be busy with my friends .
i mean , my friends are always work .
that 's always busy .
they 've been busy .
i guess wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs dead .
that wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs dead .
i do n't going to shoot and bomb attacks from many gangs who die .
they want to shoot wild shooting and bomb attacks on dozens of gangs .
let 's kill wild shooting and bomb attacks on dozens of gangs .
they will be killed by wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
they will be killed by wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
wild shootings and dozens of gangs are dead .
this is wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
they 've got a wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
i guess there 's a lot of a mistake .
that a lot of technical mistakes were n't working .
i do n't have much technical mistakes were too much .
we do n't work with a lot of technical mistakes .
let 's have a lot of technical mistakes .
we could be too many technical mistakes .
we could be too many technical mistakes .
too many technical mistakes have too many .
that 's too much technical mistakes .
we 've got a lot of a mistake .
i guess you 'll sit there looking mysterious .
that you 're going to face and looking .
i 'm going to sit here looking mysterious .
you have to sit here and look mysterious .
let 's just sit down there looking mysterious .
you 'll be sitting there looking mysterious .
you 'll be sitting there looking mysterious .
i mean , just going to sit here looking mysterious .
that 's just sit and look mysterious .
you 're going to sit here looking mysterious .
i hear your movie that you have a big rain .
that movie of yours is actually going to rain .
i hear your movie you 've got a big rain .
you have to listen to the movie that you 've really rain .
let 's hear your movie that movie that movie that movie of a lot of rain .
you 'll hear your movie that you have a big rain .
you 'll hear your movie that you have a big rain .
i hear your movie that you 've got a big rain .
this is really rain in your movie .
you 've got a big rain in your movie .
i guess you have to sit here looking mysterious .
that you have to sit here looking mysterious .
i 'm just sit here to look mysterious .
you have to sit here looking mysterious .
let 's just sit here looking mysterious .
you should sit here looking mysterious .
you should sit here looking mysterious .
i 'm just sit here looking mysterious .
that 's only good to sit here looking mysterious .
you 're gon na sit here looking mysterious .
i guess it 's not hard enough !
that i 'm telling you 're not hard enough !
i 'm telling you it is n't hard enough !
you have to be hard enough !
let me tell me he 's not hard enough !
it would be hard enough to say .
it would be hard enough to say .
i 'm telling you he 's not hard enough !
that 's hard enough !
you 're saying it 's not hard enough !
i suppose he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished in law .
that he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished in law .
i 'm a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under empire 's law .
they 're a traitor and punishments in ' s empire law .
let him a traitor .
he will be punished by traitor in the empire 's law .
he will be punished by traitor in the empire 's law .
i 'm a traitor and 's gon na be punished under the empire law .
that 's betrayer and he 's punished under empire 's law .
they 're gon na be a traitor in the empire law .
i alert you how his security is .
that alarm is what his security .
i 'm alert , the way his security is .
you have to warn me how his security is .
let 's full alert , as well , his security 's .
it will be full warning , as well as his security .
it will be full warning , as well as his security .
i 'm alert , as well , his safety .
this is absolutely alert to his safety .
you 're warning you how his security is .
i know , the headless bodies dragged into the crumbling shed shed lucia .
that headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed by lucian .
i know that headless bodies were dragged into the crumbling cottage with lucian .
they have to drag the headless bodies into the crumbling cabin with lucian .
let 's get the headless bodies into the crumbling cottage with lucian .
he could see the headless bodies to the crumbling cottage with lucian .
he could see the headless bodies to the crumbling cottage with lucian .
earless bodies were pulling the headless cottage with lucia .
this is unleashed by the headless bodies in the crumbling shed cottage by lucian .
they 've taken the headless bodies into a crumbling cottage lucian .
i still have the video . do you 've noticed ?
that he 's always carrying video .
i 'm always carrying video . do you notice ?
you want to see the video ?
have you ever noticed the video ?
he 'll be carrying video .
he 'll be carrying video .
i mean , you have video ?
that 's always video .
you 're taking video ?
i guess his farm and forest near where you were you were .
that farm and forest are close to where you were .
i know his farm and forest are near where you were .
you have to go to farm and forest near where you were .
let 's go to the farm and the way to where you 're close .
he will be a farm and a forest near where you are .
he will be a farm and a forest near where you are .
i mean , his farm and forest near where you were .
this is close to the farm and forest .
you 've been close to his farm and the forest .
i guess the war not leash war ?
that war has not a cothys ?
i 'm not going to fight against the ?
you have to go to war without a war ?
have you not have the cothys ?
we 'd have no war unleash cothys ?
we 'd have no war unleash cothys ?
i 'm not sure the cothys ?
this is unleash of war ?
you 've had a war unleash cothys ?
i guess we 'll go back to our house .
that we 're going back to our house , huh ?
i 'm gon na go back to our house , okay ?
we gon na go back to our house .
let 's go back to our house .
we 'll come back to our house , okay ?
we 'll come back to our house , okay ?
i ' m gon na go back to our house .
that 's true we 'll return to our house again .
we 're gon na go back to our house .
i guess you 'd like to know the taiwan gangs ' territory .
that 'll give me the taiwan gangs ' territory .
i 'm gon na have the taiwanese gang territory .
you want to give me the taiwanese gang territory ?
let me get the taiwanese gang territory .
we 'll give me the taiwan gangs ' territory .
we 'll give me the taiwan gangs ' territory .
i 'm gon na have the taiwanese bunch .
that 's right to give me the taiwanese gang territory .
you 're gon na give me the taiwan gangs ' territory .
i guess no one 's gon na be too good for the saleater .
that nobody 's gon na be too good for being a salesman .
i ca n't believe anyone 's too good for being a salesman .
you have to be too good for anyone .
let 's be too good for anyone to be a salesman .
you can be impossible for anyone to be a salesman .
you can be impossible for anyone to be a salesman .
i ca n't be much for being a salesman .
that 's impossible for anyone to be too good for the salesmen .
we 're going to be a salesman .
i guess it looks like his moustache was hanging .
although he seemed to be hanging out his moustache .
i guess it looks like his moustache 's hanging out .
they seem to have been hanging out with his moustache .
seem to have hung by his moustache .
he would seem to have been hanging moustache .
he would seem to have been hanging moustache .
i guess it seems to be like his moustache hanging out .
that 's even as though his moustache was hanging .
you seem like their moustache 's been hanging .
i guess she put her slim hand on my arm and caressed me .
as she touched my slender hand in my hand .
i got a slim hand , caressed me .
she put her slender hand in my hand and caressed me .
give me a slim hand and caressed by my arm .
she 'd put her slender hand on my arm and caressed me .
she 'd put her slender hand on my arm and caressed me .
i 'm wearing a slim hand and caressing me .
that 's why she put her arm .
she have put her slender hand in my arms and caressed me .
i guess they 're really nice guys .
that seems like they 're really nice guys .
i guess they 're really nice guys .
they seem to be a really nice guy .
look at me think they 're really nice guys .
it would look like they 're really nice guys .
it would look like they 're really nice guys .
i guess they 're really nice guys .
that 's really nice .
they 're looking at me like they 're really nice guys .
i guess the stones were harsh and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
that rock was harsh and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
i saw the stones , like a rock in the hands of a red-hot iron .
they want to burn the stones like a red-hot iron .
let 's burn the stones hard and burn them in the hands of red-hot iron .
they 'd been harsh and burning stones like red-hot iron .
they 'd been harsh and burning stones like red-hot iron .
stone 's got a rough rock burning in my hands like a red-hot iron .
that 's harsh and burning in the hands of a red-hot iron .
they 've been harsh and burning in their hands , red-hot iron .
i like a little dog .
that baby dog is a man 's love with him .
i 'm a little dog , and he likes shaolin ?
we have a little dog . love shaolin .
let 's have a little dog and love shaolin .
he must be happy with the dog and she loves shaolin .
he must be happy with the dog and she loves shaolin .
i 'm a little dog .
that 's little dog , and he likes shaolin .
they 're talking about a little dog .
i don ' t beg you , including you .
that nobody can not be asked , including you .
i ca n't beg you , including you .
you want me to beg you , including you .
let me beg you , including you .
you 'll be begging me , including you .
you 'll be begging me , including you .
i 'm gon na beg me , including you .
this is impossible to beg you , including you .
you 're gon na make me begging , including you .
i guess there are important differences .
that there are significant differences in a social terms of them .
i do n't know much about social problems .
they appear to have a significant differences in social problems .
appear to be a significant differences in social matters .
they will appear that social issues of social differences .
they will appear that social issues of social differences .
i mean , there are significant differences in social issues .
this is important for social problems .
they are finding significant differences in social matters .
i guess garuda screamed again shouted toward the gate .
after garuda came to the gate again .
garuda screamed once more than he took to the gate .
they make garuda scream once more after the door .
garuda 's screaming again as he went to the gate .
he could hear garuda scream again as the gate .
he could hear garuda scream again as the gate .
garuda 's shouted again as he went to the gate .
that 's true when garuda shouted once more at the gate .
they 've shouted again at the gate .
i don ' m not going to stop being crazy if everybody 's gon na go to the toilet .
if everyone stops being crazy , i do n't get out of the toilet .
i do n't want anyone to stop being crazy if they do n't come out of the toilet !
they do n't being crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet .
stop being crazy if i do n't getting out of the toilet .
they 'll stop being crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet .
they 'll stop being crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet .
i do n't want to stop being crazy .
that 's impossible to stop being crazy if they do n't stop the toilet !
they 're gon na stop being crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet !
i guess who owned the apartment ?
that apartment owned ?
i know who 's owned the apartment ?
you know what 's the apartment ?
do you know who did n't own apartment ?
you 'd know who did you own apartment ?
you 'd know who did you own apartment ?
i mean , who owned the apartment ?
this is where they 've discovered ?
you 've found out of the apartment ?
i guess it 's not crying .
that does n't cry ?
i 'm not crying ?
you want to cry ?
do you not cry ?
you 'll cry ?
you 'll cry ?
i 'm not crying ?
that 's not to cry .
you 're crying ?
i guess we should n't put our last penny in the film .
that film is n't supposed to give our last penny .
i 'm not supposed to put our last penny on the film .
we have to go to the film .
let 's not put our last penny on the film .
we should have given our last penny in the film .
we should have given our last penny in the film .
i 'm not to keep our last penny on the film .
this is impossible to put our final penny in the film .
we 're supposed to have n't put our last penny in the film .
i know , strong restoration of energy . . . .
that strong restoration energy from love .
i do n't like strong restoration energy .
we need to restorate the power of love .
let 's get a strong restorative energy coming from love .
it will be a powerful restoration of love .
it will be a powerful restoration of love .
i mean , strong restoration of love .
this is powerful restoration energy coming from love .
we 're going to have a powerful restoration energy .
i guess you have your stones back and get your stuff back .
if you have your stones back , you have your stuff .
i mean , once you have a rock back , you have back .
you have to return your stones to your back .
get your stones back .
you 'll have your stones back and back .
you 'll have your stones back and back .
i mean , once you have your stones back , you have your stuff back .
that 's more than once you have your stones back .
you have returned your stones back and back .
i demand an application that individual customers have made sales tax refunds .
that they have turned out that individual customers have made sales tax refunds .
i have been made to have turned out the requests that individual customers to pay income tax refunds .
they appear to have turned up the requests that individual customers have made income tax refunds .
make it possible to turn up requests that individual customers have made sales tax funds .
they would have proved that individual customers who have made for sales tax refunds .
they would have proved that individual customers who have made for sales tax refunds .
i have proved that the various customers have made sales tax funds .
this is due to a request of individual customers who have been able to income tax refunds .
they have turned up requests which individual customers have made for sales taxes .
i guess the justrenciously started out to help the great lawyers .
that jenny began to protracted a judicial procedure for helping great lawyers .
i 'm gon na started the judicial process to help of great lawyers .
you start to protracted judicial procedures to help the great lawyers .
let 's start a judicial procedure for the help of great lawyers .
he could start the judicial procedure to help of great lawyers .
he could start the judicial procedure to help of great lawyers .
katie 's started a judicial process the way to help great lawyers .
this is appropriate to start a judicial process of helping amazing lawyers .
you 've started a judicial process for helping great lawyers .
i think you 're an idiot .
that you 're an idiot .
i 'm an idiot .
you 're an idiot .
idiot you are you .
you must be an idiot .
you must be an idiot .
i 'm an idiot .
that 's stupid .
you 're being silly .
i guess someday our ship will be traveling on another planet .
if our ship can travel to another planet .
i 'll have a day when our ship can travel to another planet .
we have to go one day when our ship can travel into another planet .
let 's find a day when our ship can travel to another planet .
we 'll have one day when our ship can travel to another planet .
we 'll have one day when our ship can travel to another planet .
i 'll have come someday when our ship can travel to other planets .
this is one day when our ship can travel to travel to travel to travel to other planets .
we 're going to have a day when our ship can travel to another planet .
i guess we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
that we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
i wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
we do n't compensate defendants for damage .
let 's not compensate for damage .
we will compensated the defendants for damage .
we will compensated the defendants for damage .
i wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
this is uncompensate against the defendants .
we 're going to compensate the defendants for damage .
i hate to disclose military affairs is beyond my permission .
that the disclose military business is beyond my permission .
i ca n't afford to disclose military affairs of my permission .
we have to disclose military matters , not even for my permission .
disclose military matters 's not my permission .
we can disclose military matters beyond my permission .
we can disclose military matters beyond my permission .
i ca n't afford to disclose military affairs of my permission .
that 's more than my permission to disclose military matters .
we 're disclosing military matters beyond my permission .
i guess it 's 18 months to recover .
that 'll take 18 months to recover .
i mean , in 18 months to recover .
they need them 18 months .
let them 18 months to recover .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
i mean , 18 months to recover .
that 's 18 months old to recover .
they 're going to take 18 months to recover .
i guess we 'll argue in court .
that we 're gon na argue in court .
i 'm gon na argue with you in court .
we have to argue in court .
let 's argue in court .
we 'll argue in court .
we 'll argue in court .
i mean , uh , uh , argue . argue . argue . argue . argue . .
this is related to court .
we 're going to argue in court .
i guess his crime 's trying to kill the judge .
that crime tried to be tried to kill the judge .
i 'm trying to kill the judge 's crime .
they try to kill the judge 's crime .
try to kill the judge 's crime .
he will try to murder the judge 's crime .
he will try to murder the judge 's crime .
i 'm trying to kill the judge 's a judge .
this is related to his crime attempted murder .
they 're trying to kill the judge 's judge .
i guess it 's bad if a tom van ends up like that .
that bad enough guy like tom van ends up in the way he 's done it .
i 'm bad enough if a man like tom van ends up in the way he 's done it .
you have to be bad enough to end up like tom van .
make it bad if a man like tom van ends up in a man .
it would be bad enough if a man like tom van finished .
it would be bad enough if a man like tom van finished .
bad enough when a man like tom van ends up in a way he 's done .
that 's bad enough if a man like tom van .
you 've done bad enough if a man like tom van ends up in a way .
i guess agent spikings made mistakes .
that agent spikings seem to be making mistakes .
i guess agent spikings have made mistakes .
they seem to be making mistakes by agent spikings .
seem to be trying to make an error .
it would seem that agent spiking to make mistakes .
it would seem that agent spiking to make mistakes .
agent spikings seem to be wrong .
this looks like agent spikings is making mistakes .
they 're making mistakes for agent spikings .
i guess you 'll have a little loaf for mr. pontail .
because you have a little loaf for mr. pontail .
i want mr. pontail 's loaf .
you want to buy mr. pontail for mr. pontail .
let 's have a little loaf for mr. pontail .
you can buy mr. pontail with mr. pontail .
you can buy mr. pontail with mr. pontail .
i want to have a little loaf .
that 's enough for mr. pontail .
you 're going to buy mr. pontail .
i guess it 's been cleared from all formal records .
that he 's gon na clean up all formal records .
i 'm gon na clean up all formal records .
they want him to clean up all formal records .
let 's clean him up from all formal records .
he 'll be cleared all formal records .
he 'll be cleared all formal records .
i 'm gon na clean up all formal records .
that 's clean from all formal records .
they 're gon na clean up all formal records .
i guess everyone calm down .
that everyone calm down .
i 'm gon na calm down .
you take it easy .
take it easy .
we 'll calm down .
we 'll calm down .
i 'm gon na calm down .
that 's easy .
they 're gon na calm down .
i mean , two thousand standards , which is how much food costs .
that the cost of two thousand standards .
i mean , two thousand standards , which is how much food costs .
they have two thousand standards , which the food costs .
let 's have 2,000 standards are the cost of food .
it would cost you two thousand standards .
it would cost you two thousand standards .
i mean , two thousand standards , which is that two thousand standard food prices .
this is more than two thousand standards .
they 've got two thousand standard for the cost of food .
i mean , talking to a district attorney from district defender or judge .
that district attorney of state defender or judge ?
i 'm talking to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
you have to talk to a district attorney , a defender or a judge ?
have you talked to a district attorney , a defender ?
you 'd have talked to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
you 'd have talked to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
i 'm talking to a district attorney .
this is true for a district attorney or the judge ?
you 've been talking to a district attorney , a defender ?
i know this is what the knights say .
that all the knights of wannabe say .
i know what the same thing says .
you have to tell me , the wannabe said .
let 's say this to the knights of every wannabe .
it will be the knights that everything says .
it will be the knights that everything says .
i mean , the knights say all this wannabe .
this is what knights say .
you 're saying this to the knights of wannabe .
i don ' t want to go out of the toilet before everybody stops going crazy .
before everybody stops going crazy , i 'm not going to the toilet .
i 'm not gon na stop you from being crazy .
we have to be crazy , i 'm gon na get out of the toilet .
let 's gon na stop me being crazy .
we 'll stop going crazy before everybody comes out of the toilet .
we 'll stop going crazy before everybody comes out of the toilet .
i 'm not gon na stop you from being crazy .
this is impossible to stop being crazy than i 'm going crazy .
we 're gon na stop this toilet before everybody 's crazy .
i guess garuda screamed again shouted toward the gate .
after garuda came to the gate again .
garuda screamed once more than he took to the gate .
they make garuda scream once more after the door .
garuda 's screaming again as he went to the gate .
he could hear garuda scream again as the gate .
he could hear garuda scream again as the gate .
garuda 's shouted again as he went to the gate .
that 's true when garuda shouted once more at the gate .
they 've shouted again at the gate .
i guess they have to run tests that were decided .
that must be carried out the tests that were decided .
i have to run tests that were decided .
they have to run tests that were decided .
let 's have to tests that were decided .
they must be testing the tests that were decided .
they must be testing the tests that were decided .
i have to have to be carried out of the decision .
this is necessary to carry out tests that were decided .
they 've got to run tests that were decided .
i didn ' t ' t .
that i did n't try .
i did n't try it .
you have to try that .
let 's not try it .
it wo n't try it .
it wo n't try it .
i did n't try it .
this is wrong i did n't try .
you 've never tried .
i guess it 's even worse .
that one hit me worse .
i 've been hurt worse before i have hit him before .
you make me worse .
get me worse .
it 'd hit me even worse .
it 'd hit me even worse .
i 've been hurt worse .
this is even worse .
they 've hit me worse .

although i 'm really sorry to forgive myself .
i 'm very difficult to be sorry to do this .
you have to forgive me for doing so .
let 's forgive myself for doing so .
you can be very difficult to forgive myself .
you can be very difficult to forgive myself .
i 'm very difficult to forgive myself .
this is very difficult to forgive .
you 're gon na forgive me for doing this .
i beg our bodies together for warmth .
that we 're gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth .
i 'm gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth .
we have to huddle our bodies together for warmth .
let 's huddle our bodies together for warmth .
we 'll huddle with our bodies for warmth .
we 'll huddle with our bodies for warmth .
i 'm gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth .
this is ready to hug our bodies together for warmth .
we 're gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth .
i guess you said there was n't sound like fighting or crying .
that you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
i 'm sure you did n't even a sound to fight or cry ?
you say you did n't sound like to fight or cry ?
have you said there 's not a sound of fighting and crying ?
you 'd say there was no sound to fight or cry ?
you 'd say there was no sound to fight or cry ?
i 'm sure you said there any sound of fighting or crying ?
that 's true you did n't sound like fighting or crying .
you 're saying there was n't a sound of fighting or cry ?
i guess there was nothing to scream .
that screaming wo n't solve anything for us .
i do n't going to solve anything .
we have to yell at nothing .
scream 's not going to solve anything .
we 'll solve nothing from screaming .
we 'll solve nothing from screaming .
i 'm not going to solve anything .
that 's nothing to do with screaming .
we 're going to solve nothing .
i know the coast behind the mountain !
that mountain is behind the mountain !
i know the coast behind the mountain !
we have to go to the coast behind the mountain .
let 's go to the coast behind the mountain .
we 'll have the coast behind the mountain .
we 'll have the coast behind the mountain .
i 'm on the coast behind the mountain .
that 's high behind the mountain !
we 've got the coast behind the mountain .
i guess we have to get ready for ice and cup .
that ice needs ice must be prepared .
i 'm gon na have ice ready for ice .
we have to get some ice and ready .
let 's get some ice and get ready .
we must get some ice and get some ice cup .
we must get some ice and get some ice cup .
i 'm gon na have ice ready . ready . ready .
this is necessary for ice and get ready the mugs .
we 're gon na have ice and cup ready for ready .
i ca n't be a addict or a drug addict .
that i 'm not gon na be addiction or alcohol ?
i 'm not going to be addict or alcohol ?
you want me to be a addict or a drug addict ?
let me be a addict or a drug addict .
you can be a addict or a drug addict .
you can be a addict or a drug addict .
i ca n't be addicted to drugs or alcohol .
that 's impossible to be addict or alcohol .
you 're gon na be a addict or alcohol ?
i guess somebody 's wrong .
that somebody seems bad ?
i guess somebody 's wrong ?
you seem to have been mistaken ?
do you think anyone 's wrong ?
you could have seemed bad ?
you could have seemed bad ?
i guess somebody 's wrong ?
that 's bad .
you 've looked bad ?
i take roy 's medication .
that roy took his medication ?
i took roy 's medication ?
you take roy medication ?
have you taken roy 's medication ?
you 'd take roy 's medication ?
you 'd take roy 's medication ?
roy 's taken his medication ?
this is roy 's medication ?
you 've taken roy medication ?
i guess dilithium 's gon na be able to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level controls fail .
that dilithium may be recrystalised without help even if the control of the molecular level failed .
i suppose dilithium can still be recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control failed .
we need to recrystalised without help even if the dilithium control , even though it has failed .
let 's continue to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control of the test has failed .
it may be recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control has not been failed .
it may be recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control has not been failed .
dilithium 's still able to recrystalised help even if the molecular level 's control failed .
this is possible to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control failed .
we are allowed to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control failed .
i mean , you and district attorney district attorney , judge .
that district attorney of the district attorney , judge ?
i 'm talking to a district attorney , a public defender , a judge ?
you have to talk to a district attorney , a public defender , judge ?
do you talk to a district attorney ?
you 'd talk to a district attorney , a public defender , a judge ?
you 'd talk to a district attorney , a public defender , a judge ?
i 'm talking to a district attorney .
this is public attorney , judge ?
you 've been talking to a district attorney , a public defender . . .

that he should beat the japanese every day .
i need him to be healthy when i beat the japanese every day .
you have to beat the japanese every day .
beat the japanese every day .
he must be healthy when he beat the japanese every day .
he must be healthy when he beat the japanese every day .
i need him to be healthy when i beat japan .
this is necessary to maintain his health when you beat japan .
we 're gon na beat the japanese every day .
i take the virgins and take the one who 's promise .
that virgins are taking the one who broke her promise .
i take virgins and take the ones who have broken their promise .
they take virgins to take the one who broke the promise .
take the virgins and take those who broke his promise .
he will take virgins and take those who broke his promise .
he will take virgins and take those who broke his promise .
i ' m taking virgins and taking those who took the promise .
this is due to take virgins and take those who broke his promise .
they 're taking virgins and taking those who broke the promise .
i guess that dolores did what she did for years .
that dolores had done exactly what she had done for years .
i suppose dolores did what she did for years .
you seem to have done what dolores did for years .
let 's believe dolores did what she did for years .
it would be my belief that dolores did what she did for years .
it would be my belief that dolores did what she did for years .
i trust dolores to do exactly what she did for years .
this is true dolores did what she did for years .
they 've believed dolores has done exactly what she did for years .
i guess it 's only ten weeks .
that it 's only ten weeks together .
i 'm ten weeks together for another 10 weeks .
we have to go 10 weeks .
let 's go for another ten weeks .
we 'll be together for another weeks .
we 'll be together for another weeks .
i 've been together for another day 10 weeks .
that 's only ten weeks old .
we 've been together for another ten weeks .
i just tired of visiting you at night .
that i got tired of visiting you at night .
i got tired of visiting you at night .
you make me tired for visiting you visiting me .
let me get tired of visiting you at night .
you 'll be tired of visiting me late .
you 'll be tired of visiting me late .
i got tired of visiting you at night .
that 's tired of visiting you at night .
you 've had enough to visit me for a night .
i guess somebody 's calling cartuche tutankhaman .
that somebody called cartuche tutankhaman .
i know somebody called cartuche tutankhaman .
you call him cartuche tutankhaman .
let 's call cartuche tutankhaman .
we 'll call cartuche tutankhaman .
we 'll call cartuche tutankhaman .
i mean , somebody called cartuche tutankhaman .
that 's related to call cartucit .
they 're calling cartuche tutankhaman .
i guess the presidential election 's going to the conference room .
that conference room is continuing presidential elections .
i know the president 's election is continuing .
we have to continue the presidential elections .
let 's go to the conference room for presidential elections .
we 'll have the presidential election at the conference room .
we 'll have the presidential election at the conference room .
presidential elections are ongoing elections in the conference room .
this is ongoing in the conference room .
they 're continuing the presidential elections .
i guess no one 's teaching you speak .
that no one never teach when you speak ?
i never teach you when you talk ?
you have to teach you never ?
have you ever been teaching anyone ?
you 'll be teaching anyone when you talk ?
you 'll be teaching anyone when you talk ?
i never teach you when you speak ?
that 's ever teaching you when you talk ?
you 've never been teaching anyone ?
i guess your weapons are burning water .
that weapon of yours could fire under fire ?
i suppose your weapons can fire underwater ?
you want to fire under the gun ?
do your weapons fire under water .
you can fire water ?
you can fire water ?
i mean , the water ?
that 's water to fire ?
you 're gon na fire the guns ?
i hate the darn girl .
that darn girl does n't have a trace .
i do n't have a darn girl tracks .
we have no trace of the darn girl .
let 's not find any trace of girl .
you can find no trace of the darn girl .
you can find no trace of the darn girl .
darn 's got no trace .
that 's nothing to do with the darn girl .
we 're talking about the darn girl .
i guess you to the bull even faster bull .
that bull is faster than you , even faster .
i 'm gon na go back to the bull even faster .
you have to go back to the bull faster .
let 's go back to the bull even faster .
you 'll have to the bull faster .
you 'll have to the bull faster .
i 'm going back to go back to the bull even faster .
this is even faster than you .
you 're going to go back to the bull faster .
i guess it 's not true .
that you 're not ?
i 'm not right ?
you want to be right ?
do you not ? is that the truth ?
you must be right ?
you must be right ?
i 'm not sure ?
that 's right ?
you 're not right ?
i guess you checked your grandmother 's barn box .
that box of granny 's barn check ?
i guess you checked your grandmother 's barn box .
you have to check your grandmother 's barn ?
have you checked your grandmother 's barn box ?
you must have checked your grandmother 's barn with her .
you must have checked your grandmother 's barn with her .
i guess you checked your grandmother 's barn box .
this is necessary to leave her in your grandmother 's barn .
you 've checked your grandmother 's barn box .
i guess we underestimate the difficulties in establishing a book cover .
that we underestimated difficulties in trouble to give you a book cover .
i underestimate the difficulties in establishing a book cover .
we have to underestimate that you the difficulties in providing a book cover .
let 's underestimate the difficulties in establishing the book cover .
we must underestimate that the difficulties in establishing a book cover .
we must underestimate that the difficulties in establishing a book cover .
i mean , we underestimate the difficulties in establishing the book cover .
this is difficult to create a book cover .
we have underestimated the difficulties in establishing a book cover .
i guess the kid 's been killed a terrorist attack .
that kid died in a terrorist attack .
i think the kid died in a terrorist attack .
they think the kid 's dead in a terrorist attack .
think the kid 's dead in a terrorist attack .
they would believe that the boy died in a terrorist attack .
they would believe that the boy died in a terrorist attack .
i believe the boy 's been killed by a terrorist attack .
this is certain the kid died in a terrorist attack .
they have believed the kid 's been killed by a terrorist attack .
i guess the woman who worked at the house worked at the hotel , as if she were murdered .
that woman who worked at the neighbouring , as if she were murdered herself .
i know , the woman who worked at the house for the same time for herself .
you want to kill a woman who worked at the neighbouring house as a maid .
make a woman who worked at the neighbouring house , as if she were murdered .
she could kill a woman who worked at the neighbouring house .
she could kill a woman who worked at the neighbouring house .
women who worked at the house of a woman who worked at the house , as well as a maid 's killing themselves killed themselves .
this is true , the woman who worked at the house as a maid who murdered herself .
you 've got a woman working in the neighbouring house , as well as a maid murdered .
i guess i 'll take some shots .
if i take some shots .
i 'll take some shots .
you want to take some shots .
let me get some shots .
we 'll take some shots .
we 'll take some shots .
i 'll take some shots .
that 's enough to take some shots .
we 're gon na take some shots .
i know that businesses are raising the european commission 's protection to the marketing scams .
that the european commission for businesses ' protection against marketing scams .
i suppose businesses are raising the european commission 's protection against marketing scams .
they raise the european commission protection protection against marketing scams .
raise business protection by europe ' s protection to build protection against marketing scams .
it will raise the protection of businesses by european commission to face marketing scams .
it will raise the protection of businesses by european commission to face marketing scams .
i am raising businesses ' protection by europe ' s protection for the marketing scams .
this is necessary to raise businesses ' s protection by european commission against marketing scams .
they are raising businesses ' protection by european commission to face marketing scams .
i guess north shaolin 's shaolin 's being the same as the benefactor he 's thinking .
that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an advantage as a north shaolin has taken .
i see that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an advantage of what they would have thought .
they seem to have taken their enemies of north shaolin from my point of view , as they would consider .
let me the north shaolin have taken his enemies as an advantage of what they would have thought .
it would be what he would have thought that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an enemy .
it would be what he would have thought that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an enemy .
i 'm sure the north shaolin 's been taking their enemies as an advantage as they think .
this is more likely to be considered as the shaolin as an adulterrificence to the north shaolin .
they have taken their enemies from north shaolin since i believe that north shaolin .
i guess there 's something to tell if someone did it ?
if anyone could tell if he did it ?
i ca n't be able to tell if someone did it ?
you want to tell if someone did it ?
do you know if someone do it ?
you can tell if someone did it ?
you can tell if someone did it ?
i mean , can be told if anyone did it ?
this is possible to tell if someone did it ?
you 're gon na tell if someone did it ?
i mean , the only thing that views change is your information .
that only views are changing views that are the way your information looks .
i mean , the only thing that changes your opinion on your information looks .
you have to be the only thing that views on your information looks .
let 's make a single opinion that your information looks like .
it will be the only thing that views are your views your information .
it will be the only thing that views are your views your information .
i mean , the only thing you is how your information looks .
that 's just about changing views are your information .
you 're changing the only as your information looks like .
i guess you ca n't talk about this now .
that you ca n't even talk about ?
i 'm sure you ca n't talk about this now ?
you want to talk about this now ?
have you ever talked about this now ?
you ca n't talk about this now ?
you ca n't talk about this now ?
i mean , ca n't you talk about that ?
this is impossible to talk about ?
you 're gon na talk about this now ?
i take an hour 's smoking 's smoking .
that it 's just an hour to smoke .
i 'm just an hour to smoke is what they always do .
they have to take an hour to smoke .
take an hour to smoke .
you 'll be smoking for an hour .
you 'll be smoking for an hour .
i 'm taking an hour to smoke for what they always do .
that 's what they 've always done smoking for hours .
they 've been smoking for an hour .
i guess it 's not hard for them , jill always says .
that sharon does n't have enough trouble , she says .
i guess it 's not hard time for jill says .
they do n't have enough trouble with them .
let 's say that they 're hard enough to tell .
he would be hard enough for them , jill always say .
he would be hard enough for them , jill always say .
jill does n't hard enough of them .
this is hard enough to tell them .
they 've got to be hard enough , sharon says .
i mean , at the time when boris knew nothing .
although boris had no idea at this point .
i never knew that at the time .
we have no idea at this point when boris knew .
let 's just to know now when boris had been here .
it would have known at this point when boris never knew .
it would have known at this point when boris never knew .
yen 's what he did not know when he was .
that 's right , but when boris knew .
we 've been out there any more time .
i feel lonely .
that i 've grown myself .
i 've grown myself .
you make me grow alone .
let me grow alone .
it would be alone .
it would be alone .
i 've grown myself .
that 's lonely . i 've grown myself .
you 've grown me .
i hate to have a financial restructured financial restructured financial structures .
that financial structures of the financial restricts are performed simultaneously .
i do n't usually have financial restructured and restructured .
they appear to be in financial restructured financial restries and business restructured .
finance restricting and restructured normally in the same time .
it will be used in financial restructured and restructured normally .
it will be used in financial restructured and restructured normally .
financial restructured and usually used in the same .
this is widely carried out by financial restructured financial restructured .
they are used in financial restructured financial restructured and restructured .
i like to see girls with ponytail .
that girl with ponytail is my favorite .
i like to see girls with ponytail .
you make me a favourite girl with ponytail .
let 's get girls with ponytail .
you can be my favorite girl with ponytail .
you can be my favorite girl with ponytail .
girls with ponytail are my favorite .
this is my favorite girl .
you 're making girls with ponytail .
i know that your lips and cheeks are beautiful .
that your lips and cheeks are beautiful .
i know that you have ruddy lips and cheeks are beautiful .
you have the rubles on your lips and cheeks of beauty .
let 's see that your lips and cheeks are beautiful .
you can see the rubles on your lips and face as beautiful as you can .
you can see the rubles on your lips and face as beautiful as you can .
i mean , uh , red lips and cheeks are beautiful .
this is ruddy about your lips and face beautiful .
you 've got the rubles on your lips and face of beauty .
i mean , more important , that many illnesses can be prevented from taking part in sport .
that there is more important way to avoid many diseases .
i suppose there are important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
we need to avoid much of the need of many diseases .
let 's avoid much of the disease .
it may prevent more important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
it may prevent more important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
i mean , more important , that many diseases can be prevented from taking part in sport .
this is more important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
they are prevented by a large number of diseases , which can be prevented from sport .
i guess the maximum flexible requirement should be laid down .
that rules should have to be able to provide maximum flexibility .
i need to be able to be granted to the rules .
you need to provide maximum flexibility in these rules .
let 's maximum flexibility to provide these rules .
you should be able to provide maximum flexibility for these rules .
you should be able to provide maximum flexibility for these rules .
maximum flexibility to be granted by these rules .
this is necessary to provide maximum flexibility for these rules .
you are required to provide maximum flexible flexibility .
i don ' t worry .
that you 're not worried .
i 'm not worried .
you have no fear .
don ' t .
you must fear you .
you must fear you .
i 'm not worried .
that 's not scary .
you 're not worried .
i guess you talk of a mess talking about , `` the prisoner .
that you 're talking about a bad enough , `` the prisoner answered .
i mean , you 're talking about a lot of confusion .
you seem to be talking about a prisoner .
let me hear you talk of a mess ! '' said the prisoner .
you can talk of a little confusion , ` said the prisoner .
you can talk of a little confusion , ` said the prisoner .
i mean , what you 're talking about is a prisoner .
that 's so confused .
you 're talking about the sound that makes the prisoner sound of prisoners .
i guess the ban 's gon na be canceled .
that ban is going to be canceled .
i hear that ban 's gon na cancel .
they say the ban 's going off .
let him the ban be canceled .
he 'll say the ban 's gon na be canceled .
he 'll say the ban 's gon na be canceled .
i mean , the ban 's gon na be canceled .
that 's true the ban !
they 're saying that the ban is canceled .
i hate your sword does n't hurt you while the knife 's at your side .
that blade will not demonic , while the blade is on your side .
i do n't want to hurt you when the knife could hurt you in the hip .
you want to hurt any demonic strength while the blade 's on your side .
do n't hurt any demonic strength while the blade 's on your side .
you can hurt any demonic , even if the knife is on his side .
you can hurt any demonic , even if the knife is on his side .
i 'm not gon na hurt you when the blade is on your side .
this is impossible to hurt you when the blade is in your side .
you 're gon na hurt any demonic force when the blade is on your side .
i know , granny , let dr lo alone .
that granny and dr. lo know what she knew .
i know what he 's doing , granny , let dr lo go .
you have to know what he 's doing what he does .
let 's go alone , granny .
he 'll know what he 's doing .
he 'll know what he 's doing .
granny , let dr lo go , and he knows what he 's doing .
that 's true , grandma , granny , he knows what he does .
you 're leaving dr lo alone , grandma knows what he 's going on .
i know , a huge black wolf dog 's dog 's dog 's dog 's dog 's dog 's dog 's dog .
that giant black wolf dog squattaining next to him .
i know a huge black wolf dog 's squatting next to him .
you make a huge black wolf dog down next to his side .
let 's go to the giant black wolf 's side .
he could see a huge black wolf dog next dog .
he could see a huge black wolf dog next dog .
black wolf 's got a huge black wolf dog hanging around .
that 's huge black wolf dog squattained next to him .
you 're going to him with a huge black wolf dog .
i didn ' d been able to see her beauty as an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
that she did n't have such beauty as a beautiful in her eyes , like nobody ever seen .
i have n't been so much more beautiful than her eyes of her eyes of a man ever seen before .
they have to hit me so much that she 's beauty like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever saw .
let me have n't been so beautiful as the beauty of her eyes , like nobody 's ever seen before .
she could see me as beautiful as she was beautiful as a special lonely in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
she could see me as beautiful as she was beautiful as a special lonely in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
i have n't been hit by her beautiful beauty , like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
that 's more than her beautiful beauty in her eyes of a special lonely eye than nobody 's .
they have been hitting me so hard beauty , like she has not been isolated in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
i guess your responsibility is to make sure the security of the customer , right ?
that you have to make sure that customers are security are security are the security of customers ?
i mean , uh , your responsibility is to make sure the security of customers ?
you have to be responsible for ensuring that customers , uh , customer security .
do you have the security of the customer .
you must be responsible for ensuring that security of the security .
you must be responsible for ensuring that security of the security .
i mean , you have a customer security , right ?
this is responsible for ensuring that the security is safe .
you 're responsible for ensuring that the security of customers , right ?
i look me in the eye as if he were taking my brain .
as if he 's taking my brain patting my eyes .
i look me in his eyes like he 's taking my brain off .
you seem to have looked me in the eye , like he was taking my brain off .
look me in the eye as if he 's taking my brain .
he could see me in the eye as if he was taking my brain off .
he could see me in the eye as if he was taking my brain off .
i saw me in the eye as if he 's taking my brain .
that 's as if he had his brain of mine .
you 've looked me in the eye like he 's taking my brain .
i know . new artists seemed to be early 1970s .
that new artists seemed to be at the 1970s .
i see the new artists seemed to start early 1970s .
they appear to have appeared at the early 1970s .
let 's see new artists at the beginning of 1970s .
he could have looked at the new artists at the beginning .
he could have looked at the new artists at the beginning .
i mean , the new artists appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
this is new artists from the early '70s .
we 've got a new artists from the early 70s .
i regret not to make me being better .
that sorry is no better than i feel better .
i 'm sorry i 'm not feeling better .
you have to regret not getting better .
excuse me . do n't make me feel better .
you 'll regret me not your regret 's better .
you 'll regret me not your regret 's better .
i 'm sorry about your regret .
that 's sorry i 'm not feeling better .
you 're gon na make me feel better .
francesco sabatini remained calm , calm and carefree all the meeting .
that francesco sabatini remained calm and carefree all over the meeting .
francesco sabatini remained calm , calm and carefree in the meeting .
they let francesco sabatini calm and carefree all the meetings .
francesco sabatini 's remained calm and carefree to meet .
he could stay calm and carefree all the time .
he could stay calm and carefree all the time .
francesco sabatini 's remained calm and carefree all the time .
this is quiet , carefree in francesco sabatini .
they 've kept francesco sabatini calm and carefree throughout the meeting .
i wish her biggest wish to kiss her first .
that her biggest wish was to be kissed him first .
i want her first kiss .
they want to kiss her first .
let her be the first kiss of her .
she 'd have kissed her first kiss .
she 'd have kissed her first kiss .
i mean , the first kiss was to be the first one .
this is most important to be a kiss first .
they 've been kissing him the biggest wish .
i guess it 's a lot less chance of sex .
that sten 's gon na have a lot of chance to cut my sex .
i guess it 's a lot lower my chance to have sex .
you want to cut my chance to have sex .
listen to me very much . lucas 's gon na have a much less chance of sex .
we 'll have a very much lower chance of sex .
we 'll have a very much lower chance of sex .
kay 's gon na cut my chance to get sex .
that 's much lower my chance of sex .
we 're gon na have a lot lower chance of sex .
i like to exchange surprises with langdon .
that she had given a startled look at langdon .
i ' m surprised that langdon was startled her .
they surprise langdon to exchange a surprise .
let him be surprised him surprise .
she could be a surprise to exchange surprises .
she could be a surprise to exchange surprises .
langdon 's been changing surprise to langdon .
that 's surprising to look at langdon .
they 've given langdon a surprise .
i hear about that .
that you 've heard ?
i 've never heard about that ?
you hear about that ?
have you ever hear about this ?
you 'd hear about that ?
you 'd hear about that ?
i 've never heard about that ?
that 's even heard of ?
you 've heard about this ?

that ex-wife is the one who suspects when a girl is in trouble .
i 'm the one who suspects when a girl is in trouble .
they find the ex-wife to suspect the girl in trouble .
let 's think of the suspects when a girl is in trouble .
you 'll suspect your ex-wife when a suspect a girl .
you 'll suspect your ex-wife when a suspect a girl .
i 'm the only suspect when a suspect a girl is in trouble .
that 's one of a suspect when a girl is in trouble .
they 're gon na suspect when a girl 's problem .
i suppose grady agreed with the negotiations .
that grady agreed on negotiations ?
i suppose grady agreed on negotiations ?
you agree to negotiate ?
have grady agreed on negotiations ?
you could have agreed with grady ?
you could have agreed with grady ?
grady 's agreed on negotiations ?
that 's true grady agreed on grady ?
you 've agreed with grady ?
i see many variation between different stakeholders ' estimates .
that various stakeholders have a substantial variation in estimates .
i have a substantial variation between the estimates of individual stakeholders .
they appear to be more likely variation than individual stakeholders ' estimates .
consider the various stakeholders ' estimates very different stakeholders .
they shall be very different estimates of individual stakeholders ' estimates .
they shall be very different estimates of individual stakeholders ' estimates .
i have many variation between the estimates of individual stakeholders .
this is very different than individual stakeholders ' estimates .
they are expected to be a substantial variation among stakeholders .

because i 'm hard to love you .
i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me .
you want me to be hard .
'cause i 'm hard to hate me .
you 'll hate me because i 'm hard .
you 'll hate me because i 'm hard .
i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me .
that 's hard for me .
you 're gon na hate me .
i mean , uh , they took their snack boxes .
that they took the snack box ?
i got the snack boxes ?
they take the snack boxes ?
have they taken a snack box ?
they 'd taken a snack box .
they 'd taken a snack box .
i 've been taking a box ?
that 's nice to have their snack boxes ?
they 've taken the snack boxes ?
i see that there are serious shortcomings in security systems .
because there are serious shortcomings in security systems .
i see that evidence that serious shortcomings are serious shortcomings in security systems exist .
they appear to be evidence that serious shortcomings in security systems .
prove serious shortcomings in security systems .
it will prove that serious shortcomings in security systems .
it will prove that serious shortcomings in security systems .
evidence that serious shortcomings in the security systems showing evidence .
this is true evidence there are serious in security systems exist .
they have shown serious shortcomings in security systems .
i know who doogie howl ?
that doogie howl can be ?
i know who doogie howl is ?
you know what doogie howl ?
do you know who doogie howl is ?
you can tell who doogie howl is ?
you can tell who doogie howl is ?
i know who doogie howl is .
that 's familiar with doogie howl .
you 're talking about doogie howl .
i mean , uh , they kept his stuff more than a decade ago .
that they kept his stuff for more than a decade ?
i 've been keeping his stuff for more than a decade ?
they have to keep his stuff more than a decade ?
have they keep things more than ten years ?
they 'd kept his stuff more than a decade ago .
they 'd kept his stuff more than a decade ago .
i mean , did they keep his stuff more than a decade ago ?
that 's more than a decade old ?
they 've kept his stuff for more than a decade ?
i guess the enemy 's been here for seconds .
in seconds the enemy in seconds .
i know , in a few seconds , the scene came in .
we have to find the enemy in seconds .
let 's get the enemy in seconds .
we 'll be there in seconds .
we 'll be there in seconds .
i mean , in a few seconds , enemies came to the scene .
that 's just a few more enemies came to the scene .
we 've got an enemy in seconds .
i 'm such an asshole .
that i 'm such an asshole ?
i 'm such an asshole ?
you want me to be stupid ?
do i look so stupid ?
you can be such a dick ?
you can be such a dick ?
i 'm so stupid ?
that 's so stupid .
you 're gon na be stupid ?

that friend of yours gave her a life , right ?
i 'm sad your friend gave her a life , right ?
you make it sad your friend gave her a life .
let her a sad friend give her a life .
you 'd be sad your friend , right ?
you 'd be sad your friend , right ?
i mean , uh , sad your life of life , uh , is n't it ?
that 's sad your friend gave her life was your friend .
you 've had a little sad about your friend 's life .
i 'm crazy . do you like pain ?
that you 're crazy ?
i 'm crazy . do you like pain ?
you enjoy you pain ?
do you like pain ?
you must be happy pain ?
you must be happy pain ?
i 'm crazy . do you like pain ?
this is crazy , is pain ?
you 're enjoying pain ?
i hate the german to shoot the bullet .
that the german is gon na shoot .
i mean , the german means to shoot .
they mean the german to shoot .
let 's insulting a bullet .
they will be offended german to shoot .
they will be offended german to shoot .
i 'm insulting a shot .
this is insulting german to shoot .
they 're insulting the german to shoot .
i guess the sniper 's rifle 's success 's a success .
that sniper 's gun successful .
i suppose the sniper 's rifle 's gun 's success 's success 's success .
you have to make a sniper 's rifle successful .
make the sniper 's gun successful .
it will be decided that the sniper 's rifle is successful .
it will be decided that the sniper 's rifle is successful .
i ' m sure as a man ' s gun .
this is successful for a sniper 's rifle .
we 're going to make a sniper 's rifle successful .
i know that 's not the nuclear weapons .
that individual ca n't produce nuclear weapons .
i do n't know if you do n't have nuclear weapons ?
you know , uh , people ca n't build nuclear weapons .
do you know that nuclear weapons ?
they can produce nuclear weapons .
they can produce nuclear weapons .
individual 's never seen no nuclear weapons ever .
that 's impossible to produce nuclear weapons .
they 're going to never produce nuclear weapons .
i don ' m not a miracle ever gon na end ?
that miracle never ends ?
i 'm not a miracle again ?
you have no wonder what will end of the miracle ?
have you ever been a miracle ?
you 'll never be a miracle ?
you 'll never be a miracle ?
i 'm never miracle . ever gon na end ?
this is never a miracle to end ?
you 've never been a miracle ?
i guess his helmet and legs were hit by flectatz .
that helmet and legs were hit by flectatz .
i hit his helmet and feet with a flashy .
they hit him with the helmet feet .
take the helmet and legs and legs .
he 'll hit his helmet and his feet .
he 'll hit his helmet and his feet .
i mean , his helmet and legs hit .
that 's hard to hit his helmet and legs .
they 're hitting the helmet with their feet .
i guess there 's another four next to the local access point .
that the area of four more than four other houses .
i have four more next to get access to the village .
we have to be more sides of the local access point .
let 's see that there are more than four next to access .
we 'll have four more alongside the area of the village .
we 'll have four more alongside the area of the village .
i have four other four more than the local access points of the village .
this is more than four next to the local access point .
we 've got more than four more sides of the local .
i guess there is something similar to defined-benefit pensions offered by a small number of employers .
that there is a way to offer such a defined-benefit pension to be offered by a smaller employers .
i suppose something like defined-benefit pensions is also offered by a smaller number of employers .
they make it to defined-benefit pensions to be offered a smaller number of employers .
let 's offer something similar to defined-benefit pensions to be offered by a smaller number of employers .
it will provide something similar to defined-benefit pensions , such as a small number of employers .
it will provide something similar to defined-benefit pensions , such as a small number of employers .
i mean , something like defined-benefit pensions are offered by a small number of employers .
this is similar to defined-benefit pensions , which is why a smaller number of employers .
they are offered a smaller number of employers to be offered something similar pensions .
i see that she ' s dose has been administered at the animal test .
that dose of animal testing was therefore investigated .
i consider the dose of the dose given in the animal test was therefore , has been investigated .
they appear to have to examine the dose given in the animal test .
let 's examine the amount to be administered in animals as well .
she must have looked at the amount of the animal tests .
she must have looked at the amount of the animal tests .
i see that amount of course of animal testing on animals is therefore .
this is due to the amount of animal tests , which is therefore been investigated .
they have been viewed the amount of dose given dose at the animal test .
i wish someone 's watching you make sure .
that must make sure to watch your back .
i need you have to make sure you watch your back .
you have to make sure someone is watching your back .
make sure someone watch your back .
you must make sure someone is watching your back .
you must make sure someone is watching your back .
i need to make sure someone is watching your back .
this is necessary to make sure someone is watching your back .
you 've got ta make sure someone 's watching your back .
i guess you 're not gon na be locked ?
that you can not fire ?
i 'm not gon na shoot the lock ?
you gon na shoot the lock ?
do you not fire the lock .
you can fire out of the lock .
you can fire out of the lock .
i 'm not gon na shoot the lock .
this is impossible to fire out of your locks .
you 're gon na fire ?
i guess it 's the easiest thing to build .
that building a center is the easiest thing to do .
i 'm gon na build the center of town .
we have to build the center of the easiest thing .
build the center 's the easiest thing to do .
we can build the center of the easiest thing .
we can build the center of the easiest thing .
i mean , building the center 's the easiest thing to do .
this is very easy to build the center .
we 're gon na build the center of the easiest thing .
i guess if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake .
i guess i did n't make a stupid mistake .
you seem to think if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
let me think if i do n't make a stupid mistake .
it would be if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
it would be if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
i guess if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
that 's impossible if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
you 're assuming i did n't make a stupid mistake .
i guess this a joke .
that must be a joke .
i 'm kidding , right ?
you 're joking .
do you joke ? no .
you must be joking .
you must be joking .
i 'm joking ?
this is fucking funny .
you 're joking .
i guess he smiled , obviously happy .
that he was delighted .
i bet he was smiling , obviously happy .
you make him smile , obviously happy .
let 's see a smile , obviously .
he could smile , of course .
he could smile , of course .
i ' s smile .
that 's obviously happy to smile .
you 've had a smile .
i guess the heavy retrievolve arches and stiff cheekbones .
that heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones make his face look weird .
i guess the heavy arches and stiff cheekbones make his face look weird .
they appear to be weird with heavy arches and stiff cheekbones .
let 's see that heavy resilimaginated and stiff cheekbone .
he could look weird arches and stiff cheekbones in the face his face looks weird .
he could look weird arches and stiff cheekbones in the face his face looks weird .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones make his face look weird .
this looks weird in the arches and stiff cheekbones .
they are making heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones look weird .
i guess it 's hard to make tea .
that it 's tough making tea ?
i guess it 's hard to make tea ?
you mean you to make tea ?
do you think it 's difficult . how hard .
you can make a tough ?
you can make a tough ?
i mean , how difficult to do tea ?
that 's hard to make tea .
you 're making some tea hard tea .
i guess the soldier who comes out of his mouth is quite natural ?
that soldier mona came out of his mouth , did bean know ?
i suppose the soldier who comes out of his mouth , like a natural man ?
you want to make a soldier slopperball comes out of his mouth ?
do you think the soldier sloppered out of his lips , like bean thought .
he could see the soldier sloppeaves of his mouth were quite natural ?
he could see the soldier sloppeaves of his mouth were quite natural ?
bean thought that a soldier who came out of his lips , would be quite natural ?
this is quite natural to the soldier who comes out of his mouth ?
you 're wondering if the soldier slopperball comes came out of his lips ?
i guess you should have killed her for 30 minutes .
that you have to wait for half an hour instead of 30 minutes .
i do n't want to wait for you to kill her in 30 minutes .
you have to kill her in half an hour .
wait to kill her for 30 minutes .
you should have killed her for 30 minutes instead of half an hour .
you should have killed her for 30 minutes instead of half an hour .
i 'm supposed to kill you instead of waiting for half an hour .
that 's more than 30 minutes to kill her .
you 're gon na kill her for 30 minutes instead of time .
i guess two strides bring him to the motorcycle .
that guy gets him on the bike .
i mean , two strides take him to the motorcycle .
you have two strides with two strides .
let 's get the two stride stride .
he 'll be on his motorcycle two strides .
he 'll be on his motorcycle two strides .
two strides to get him on the motorcycle .
that 's two strides bringing him on the motorcycle .
we 're bringing him to the motorcycle .
i guess it 's calm and unfeared that francesco sabatini 's been through the time .
as francesco sabatini had just as francesco , francesco .
i guess it 's quiet and obviously not afraid that francesco sabatini 's been through the meeting .
they seem to be calm and obviously unworried that francesco sabatini .
take it calm and obviously unfeared , that francesco sabatini had a whole meeting .
he could see francesco sabatini 's entire meeting .
he could see francesco sabatini 's entire meeting .
i guess it 's calm and obviously , like francesco sabatini 's been through the meeting .
this is quite calm and obviously unfeared , as francesco sabatini 's sabatintensely met .
they 've been calm and obviously unfeared , that francesco sabatini 's entire meeting .
i guess they went out with tyler to tyler for dinner .
that they were going to lunch with tyler .
i 'm going to eat tyler quickly .
they have to go to tyler for lunch quickly .
let 's go get tyler some lunch .
they 'd come out with tyler for lunch quickly .
they 'd come out with tyler for lunch quickly .
tyler 's gone to lunch fast .
that 's quick to eat tyler .
they 've gone out with tyler for lunch .
i mean , let 's gon na bring together the cattle .
that bag and cattle are together and cattle together .
i 'm going to take the bags and cattle together .
we have to bring the bags and the cattle together .
let 's get the bags and cattle together .
we 'll take the bags and the cattle together .
we 'll take the bags and the cattle together .
i mean , uh , gon na buy these bags and cattle together .
this is consistent with the bags and the cattle .
we 're going to bring the bags and cattle together .
i guess that 's worth taking risks .
that must have been worth taking risks .
i have been worthy of risk .
you have to take risks .
let 's take risks . value .
he must have been worth taking risks .
he must have been worth taking risks .
i mean , worth taking risks .
that 's worth taking risks .
they 've been worth taking risks .
i mean , every one of them is very effectively designed to reach certain objectives .
that each one is very efficient enough to reach some objectives .
i mean , every one of them is very effectively designed to reach certain objectives .
they are all of them very effectively , so as to reach certain objectives .
let each one of them be very effectively reach some objectives .
they shall be designed very effectively so that makes certain objectives .
they shall be designed very effectively so that makes certain objectives .
each one 's been built very effectively so that some objectives are achieved .
each is very effective for achieving certain objectives .
they are designed very effectively , so as to reach certain objectives .
i know our planet 's most predation fish .
that planet is the greatest fish .
i do n't know our planet 's greatest fish .
we have the world fish . our planet .
let 's get our planet 's greatest fish .
we will have the greatest fish on the planet .
we will have the greatest fish on the planet .
i mean , our planet 's greatest planet .
this is our planet 's greatest fish .
we 're going to the world 's greatest fish .
i play windows washing and children 's playing soccer .
that laundry is hanging from windows and children playing soccer .
i play windows wash and the kids play soccer ?
we have to wash windows and children 's game soccer .
let 's play the windows and children 's soccer .
you can wash the windows and children 's soccer game .
you can wash the windows and children 's soccer game .
windows and children play soccer in the laundry .
that 's open to wash from windows and children playing soccer .
we 've got windows washing and children playing soccer .
i guess the animals were killed before his audience .
before he killed animals died before his audience .
i saw animals were murdered animals before his audience .
they kill animals before he 's audience .
let 's kill animals before he 's heard .
he could kill animals before the audience .
he could kill animals before the audience .
i mean , animals before he killed animals .
that 's dead before his audience .
they 've been murdered before the animals .
i guess the wife of alex .
that the wife of alex 's wife ?
i 'm the wife of alex ?
you want to have another woman ?
have you seen alex 's wife ?
she 'd be the wife of alex .
she 'd be the wife of alex .
alex 's wife , uh , right ?
that 's alex 's wife .
you 've had alex 's wife of alex ?
i guess the european countries will be able to answer .
although the comparison of european countries compare to one another , however , less clearly .
i do n't see the european countries can compare to one another one another one another .
we need to compare the european countries to each other , however .
compare the european countries to compare to compare to each other .
you can be able to the european countries in comparison with each other .
you can be able to the european countries in comparison with each other .
europe 's countries can answer to compare to the answers to one another .
this is less obvious to compare the european countries to each other .
we are compared to the european countries to one another could compare the answer .
i know some octopuses that are more than five feet long than our fishers .
that there 's a few octopuses that are more than five feet long , often seen by our fishers .
i have a couple of octopuses more than five feet long .
we have some sort of them that we have over five feet long than our fishers .
let 's see some octopuses have a maximum of five feet of long .
we can see some of the octopuses are more than five feet long than our fishers .
we can see some of the octopuses are more than five feet long than our fishers .
i have some octopuses that are more than five feet long , often seen fishers .
this is more than five feet long than our fishers often see .
we 've seen some octopuses that are more than five feet long , often seen by our fishers .
i guess they never got home , tatiana .
that they could n't have gotten home , tatiana .
i suppose they never got home , tatiana .
they seem not to have gotten home , tatiana .
let 's think they never got home , tatiana .
they could have been out of their homes , tatiana .
they could have been out of their homes , tatiana .
i guess they never got home , tatiana .
that 's impossible to get home , tatiana .
they 're guessing they never gotten home , tatiana .
i guess the taiwanese gangs ' territory , give me .
that taiwan bunch 's land will give me this way .
i 'm gon na have the taiwan gangs ' territory .
you have to give me the taiwan gangs a land .
let 's get the taiwan gangs ' territory .
we 'll have the taiwan gangs ' territory .
we 'll have the taiwan gangs ' territory .
tawan 's got the taiwan gang territory .
this is true of the taiwan gangs ' territory .
they 're giving me the taiwan gangs a land .
i know that wild animals were relieved .
that wild animal was relieved him .
i know that wild animals were relieved from him .
they make him feel wild animals reassured .
let 's wild animals relax .
he could feel the wild animals .
he could feel the wild animals .
i mean , wild animals were relieved .
this is quite reassured by wild animals .
they 've relieved the wild animals .
i guess the ride her exhilarate , even though she 'd come back in bed .
that ride was exhilarate , even though she was going to go to sleep .
i 'm going to take her out , even though she 'd come back in bed .
we have to go to bed , even though she will come back in bed .
take her go through her exhilarate , even after she will be back in bed .
she could take the ride out of course , though she fell back to bed .
she could take the ride out of course , though she fell back to bed .
i 'm going to take her out , even though she was going to go back to bed , tired .
this is exhilarate , even though she will be returning to bed .
they 've taken her out of bed , though she 'll be able to bed .
i know , general , any objection to pulling out of ?
that any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
i do n't object to pulling out of gossanah ?
you want to withdraw from gossanah general ?
do you object to withdraw from gossanah pulling ?
you can withdraw from gossanah from general .
you can withdraw from gossanah from general .
general , any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
that 's general , any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
we 're talking about gossanah ?
i guess put the chairs in the door .
that chairs was here .
i 'm gon na put the chairs in here .
you have to put the chairs here .
let 's get these chairs .
you 'll put the chairs in here .
you 'll put the chairs in here .
i 'm gon na put the chairs in here .
that 's okay to put the chairs in .
you 're gon na put the chairs in here .
i smell the burn .
that smell burned , huh ?
i smell the smell ?
they smell the smell burn .
do you smell burned ?
he can smell the fire .
he can smell the fire .
i smell the fire .
this smells burning .
they 're burning , huh ?
i beg you . i guess you 're not gon na want that .
that you 're not gon na want ?
i beg you . i guess not gon na want that ?
you want me to beg you ?
please . please , please , i guess you 're not gon na want that .
you 'd beg you , i beg you 're not .
you 'd beg you , i beg you 're not .
i beg you . i guess you 're not gon na .
that 's impossible to beg you .
you 're gon na want that ?
i guess they 're gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
that they 're gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
i 'm gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
they gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
do you think he 's gon na die ! ` said panagyn .
they 'll die ? ` said panagyn .
they 'll die ? ` said panagyn .
i 'm gon 's gon na die ?
that 's dead ? ` said panagyn .
they 're gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
i guess you kill my film .
that you will kill my film .
i 'm gon na kill my film .
you want to kill my movie .
let 's my film . kill me .
you will kill my film .
you will kill my film .
i 'm gon na kill my film .
this is true to kill my film .
you 're gon na kill my film .
i mean , uh , they kept his stuff more than ten years ago .
that he kept his stuff more than ten years ago ?
i have n't had his stuff in ten years ?
they keep his stuff his stuff in ten years ?
have they kept his stuff more than ten years ?
they 'd kept his stuff for more than ten years ago .
they 'd kept his stuff for more than ten years ago .
i mean , did their stuff more than ten years ?
this is more than ten years old ?
they 've kept his stuff in more than ten years ?
i guess you not allocate memory for the real context buffer .
that video buffer could not be found in memory .
i ca n't allocate memory for the real context buffer .
you fail to allocate memory for the real context buffer .
fail to find memory for the real context buffer .
you could be able to find memory for the real context buffer .
you could be able to find memory for the real context buffer .
unable to find memory the memory for the real context buffer .
this is impossible to allocate memory for the real context buffer .
you have failed to allocate memory for the true context buffer .
i wish we had to be grateful .
that we would appreciate .
i would have appreciated this .
we appreciate it .
let 's appreciate it .
we would have appreciated .
we would have appreciated .
i would have appreciated it .
this is very much to appreciate .
we 're grateful .
i guess no one deserves to die .
that no one deserves to die .
i do n't deserve to die .
they deserve to die .
stop worthy of death .
we should have died .
we should have died .
i do n't deserve to die .
no one deserves dying .
we 've got no one to die .
i guess we got ta have that in my contract .
that must be my contract .
i got ta get that in my contract .
we need to get it in my contract .
let 's have to my contract .
we must have that in my contract .
we must have that in my contract .
i got ta get it in my contract .
that 's necessary for my contract .
we 've got to get it in my contract .
i just visit or stay a little time ?
if you 're visiting or stay a little while ?
i 'm visiting or stay for a while ?
you want to visit or stay sometime ?
let 's just visit or stay a little while .
you 'll be visiting or staying sometime ?
you 'll be visiting or staying sometime ?
i 'm just visit or stay a little while ?
that 's true , just a little longer ?
you 're visiting or staying a little while ?
i really worry about it .
that worries me pretty worried about .
i 'm pretty worried about this .
you make me very worried .
let me worry about this .
it would be worried .
it would be worried .
i ' m pretty worried about this .
that 's pretty scary .
you 're making me very worried .
i hate it 's other than hate .
that other is hate .
i hate the other one .
they hate it the other .
let 's hate it .
you 'll hate the others .
you 'll hate the others .
i hate it .
that 's more hate .
they 're hate others .
i guess my child .
that my baby was taken .
i 've been taken my baby .
they take my baby !
take my baby !
they 'll take my baby .
they 'll take my baby .
i 've been taken by my baby .
that 's what my baby .
they 've taken my baby .
i mean , anybody ?
that someone 's here ?
i mean , somebody ?
you want to be ?
do you know anybody ?
you 'll be there ?
you 'll be there ?
i mean , somebody ?
this is anybody ?
you 've got somebody ?
i know you 'll be in your store tomorrow .
that we can meet in your shop tomorrow .
i 'll see you tomorrow morning ?
we have to meet in your shop tomorrow .
let 's meet in your shop tomorrow .
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
i 'll see you at your shop tomorrow .
this is possible to meet tomorrow .
we 're going to your store tomorrow .
i guess we 're taking shots .
that 'll take shots .
i 'm taking shots .
we have to take shots .
let 's take shots .
we 'll take shots .
we 'll take shots .
i 'm taking shots .
this is enough to take shots .
we 're taking shots .
i mean , the veterans ' hospital .
that it 's veterans ' hospital ?
i 'm a veterans hospital ?
you want to go to the veterans hospital ?
do you know the veterans ' hospital ?
we 'll have a veterans hospital ?
we 'll have a veterans hospital ?
i 'm a veterans hospital .
that 's veterans hospital ?
you 're going to the veterans hospital ?
i wish you to sit down .
that i will sit down .
i 'm gon na see you sit down .
you have to sit down .
let me see where you sit .
you will sit down .
you will sit down .
i 'm gon na see you where you sit .
this is true to see you .
you 're gon na sit down .
i hate my son 's minor attacks .
that son 's minor attacks are not my concern .
i 'm not worried about my son 's minor attacks .
you have no interest in my son 's minor attacks .
let my son 's minor attacks not worry about me .
it will be my son 's minor attacks .
it will be my son 's minor attacks .
i 'm not worried about my son 's minor attacks .
this is no concern my son 's minor attacks .
they 're bothering my son with minor attacks .
i guess your veterinarian should be consulted about the possibility of unnecessary medication .
if you want to consult your veterinarian options to remove unnecessary medication .
i suppose the veterinarian consider the possibility of eliminating unnecessary medication .
you need to consult your veterinarian about how to remove unnecessary medication .
please consider the possibility to remove unnecessary medication .
you should consult your veterinarian 's choice of unnecessary medication .
you should consult your veterinarian 's choice of unnecessary medication .
i wish you could consult your veterinarian about how to remove unnecessary medication .
this is necessary to consult your veterinarian about how to remove unnecessary medicinal products .
you are required to consult your veterinarian about how to remove unnecessary medication .
i guess you 'd play soccer for 10 years .
that you 'd play soccer for a decade .
i 'm gon na play soccer for ten years .
you want to play soccer for 10 years .
let 's play soccer for ten years .
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
i mean , you 'd play soccer for a decade .
that 's ten years old for soccer .
you 've played soccer for a decade .
i guess they 're just three people , so we can practice .
that 'll be three people be good practice .
i 'm just three people to do the best .
they have three people to be three things to do the best .
let 's do only three people to be very well .
they will be only three people so it 's best practice .
they will be only three people so it 's best practice .
i mean , they 're only three people , so we can practice .
that 's only three people to be good at work .
they 're going to be three people to practice .
i guess it . no .
that ca n't be .
i ca n't do that .
you do n't know .
let 's not .
it could be impossible .
it could be impossible .
i ca n't do that .
this is impossible .
we 're going to .
i guess she knows noga 's mental state .
that she knows about noga 's physical and mental state .
i suppose he aware of noga 's physical and mental state .
we want to know that noga 's physical and mental state .
let him know that noga 's physically .
he 'll know about noga 's physical and mental state .
he 'll know about noga 's physical and mental state .
i mean , let him know noga 's physical and mental state .
this is familiar with the physical and mental state .
we 're gon na know that noga 's physical and mental state .
i guess he smiled at his nose .
that guy was smiling with his nose ?
i smile at his nose ?
you make him smile ?
have you ever smile ?
he could smile with his nose .
he could smile with his nose .
i smile was smiling with his nose ?
that 's good with his nose smile ?
you 're smiling with your nose ?
i almost did it .
that almost did .
i almost did it .
they almost finished .
let 's almost finish .
it will be almost finished .
it will be almost finished .
i almost did it .
this is almost finished .
we 're almost finished .
i don ' m not much technical errors .
that we have n't had much technical mistakes .
i never got much technical mistakes .
we have no technical errors .
let 's not get much technical mistakes .
we could have no technical mistakes .
we could have no technical mistakes .
i never got much technical mistakes .
this is not much of technical errors in us .
we 've got no technical mistakes .
i guess your hands are hot .
that arm is hot .
i mean , uh , hot hands .
you 've got hot hands .
let 's hot hands hot hands hot hands hot hands on .
you must have hot hands .
you must have hot hands .
i 'm hot hands !
that 's hot hands .
you 've got hot hands .
i guess there 's a description of the job that looks like a janitor .
that job description of the work that sounds like janitor sounds like .
i know the description of a description of the job that sounds like a janitor .
we have to describe the work that sounds like a janitor .
let 's describe this description of the work that looks like a janitor .
you can sound like this description of description of the job .
you can sound like this description of description of the job .
i have you have been talking about the work that sounds like a janitor .
this is quite similar to the job that looks like a janitor .
we 've got a description of the job that sounds like a janitor .
i hear it 's somewhere near lu border .
that they are somewhere near the border .
i hear it 's somewhere near lu border .
they say it 's somewhere near lu border .
let 's say it 's somewhere near lu borders .
he 'll say it somewhere near lu border .
he 'll say it somewhere near lu border .
i mean , it 's somewhere near the border .
that 's close to lu border .
they 're talking about somewhere near the border .
i hate alcohol and smoke ?
that you 're forbidden for cigarettes ?
i 'm not drinking or smoking ?
you want to be drinking and smoking ?
do you not drink or smoke ?
you should be out of alcohol or smoking ?
you should be out of alcohol or smoking ?
i 'm not drinking or smoking ?
this is forbidden to drink and smoke ?
you 're forbidden alcohol and cigarettes ?
i guess it was an odd woman .
that woman called me weird .
i have an odd call from a woman .
you call me a woman weird woman ?
let me call the woman weird .
it must have been a woman .
it must have been a woman .
i 've been calling a woman .
that 's weird .
you 've been calling me an odd woman .
i guess you 'll kill us .
that you will kill us .
i 'm going to kill you .
you want to kill us ?
let 's kill charlie .
you 'll kill us .
you 'll kill us .
charlie , you 're going to kill us .
that 's right , charlie , you !
you 're going to kill us .
i mean , her family 's been murdered .
that family was murdered ?
i killed her family ?
they kill her family killed her killed her killed her killed ?
have you killed her family ?
they could kill her family .
they could kill her family .
i mean , her family 's been murdered ?
that 's true she killed her family .
they 've killed her family ?
i guess his friends turned ugly and hostile .
that his friends turned ugly and hostile .
i saw his friends turn ugly and hostile .
they make his friends ugly and hostile .
let 's see that his friends were ugly and hostile .
he could see his friends turned ugly and hostile .
he could see his friends turned ugly and hostile .
i saw his friends turn ugly and hostile .
that 's ugly and hostile eyes .
they 've turned ugly and hostile eyes .
i guess you want to go to dinner .
if you want to eat ?
i 'm going to dinner ?
you want to go to dinner ?
want to go to dinner . dinner .
you 'd like to go to dinner ?
you 'd like to go to dinner ?
i want to eat ?
that 's enough to eat ?
you 're going to dinner ?
i guess how much pleasure i had to be and how startled .
that i had to be happy and surprised .
i guess how happy i was to be and how surprised i was !
you have to imagine how happy i was , and how surprised .
imagine how happy i had to be and surprised .
you can imagine how happy i was , and how surprised i was .
you can imagine how happy i was , and how surprised i was .
i guess how happy i was , and how surprised i was .
this is great to imagine what i had to be .
you 're guessing how happy i was , and how surprised i was .
i see her money like sheik oman oman oman oman oman .
like the sheik omans ' money .
i see the money like sheik oman .
you have to blink her money like sheik oman .
let 's money like sheik oman .
he 'll blink his money like a sheik oman .
he 'll blink his money like a sheik oman .
i mean the sheik oman money .
this is full of money as a sheik oman oman oman oman oman .
we 're gon na blink her money like sheik oman .
i guess it 's weird .
that sounds weird .
i think it weird .
you find it odd .
let 's say this is weird .
it must be weird .
it must be weird .
i mean , uh , odd .
this is really weird .
you 're laughing at this weird .
i guess they 're gon na have fun .
that they 're gon na laugh .
i 'm gon na laugh and fun .
they want to laugh and fun .
let 's laugh and fun .
they will laugh and enjoy it .
they will laugh and enjoy it .
i 'm gon na laugh and fun .
this is good to laugh .
they 're gon na laugh and fun .
i guess you 'll be four to six weeks .
that you could have planned for four to six weeks .
i suppose you could do it in four to six weeks .
you have to do this for four to six weeks .
let 's get you into six weeks .
you can have planned this for four to six weeks .
you can have planned this for four to six weeks .
i mean , uh , you 'll be six weeks .
this is due to you at 4 to 6 weeks .
you 're gon na have this in four to six weeks .
i tell you what ?
that i 'm saying ?
i 'm saying what ?
you want to tell me what ?
let me tell you what ?
you can tell me what ?
you can tell me what ?
i 'm saying what ?
that 's true .
you 're saying what ?
i guess it is .
that should be .
i 'm supposed to be .
you have to be like this .
let 's do this .
you should have been like this .
you should have been like this .
i 'm supposed to be .
that 's true .
you 're supposed to be .
i know you met linda at barbecue .
that you met linda on barbecue ?
i 'm sure you met linda on barbecue ?
you know linda flower at barbecue ?
have you met linda at barbecue ?
you will meet linda at the barbecue ?
you will meet linda at the barbecue ?
linda 's seen you , guys you met in barbecue ?
this is nice to you boys with linda flower linda ?
you 've met linda at barbecue ?
i guess d'hoffyn 's not invited .
that d'hoffyn was not invited .
i did n't invite d'hoffyn .
they call d'hoffyn not invited .
do you think 's not invited .
they would have been invited .
they would have been invited .
d'hoffyn 's not invited .
that 's impossible to invite d ` hoffyn .
they 've been invited by d'hoffyn .
i guess . course . course .
that course had been changed ?
i have n't changed ?
you want to change ?
have you changed ?
you 'll change course ?
you 'll change course ?
course 's changed ?
this is different ?
you 've changed ?
i guess the tests on her kidnapping .
that tests may be for her kidnapping .
i guess the tests are responsible for the kidnapping .
they seem to be accusing her of kidnapping .
let 's have the tests on her kidnapping .
they may be responsible for the kidnapping tests .
they may be responsible for the kidnapping tests .
i guess the tests are the fact that she 's responsible for her .
this is possible to carry out of these tests .
they 're accusing me of kidnapping her .
i guess , boss !
that disaster will be out !
i 'm going to get out of the disaster !
we have to leave the disaster !
let 's get out of the disaster !
we 'll leave the disaster .
we 'll leave the disaster .
boss , boss , let 's get out of the disaster !
this is terrible !
we 're going to leave the disaster !
i remember , the theater 's below the street theater .
that theater is under the street level .
i remember when i remember my theater under the street .
you remember , uh , the theater 's under the street .
remember to remember , the theater 's under the street .
you can remember that the theater 's under the street .
you can remember that the theater 's under the street .
i do n't remember that theater 's under the street .
that 's under the street theater .
you 're forgetting that the theater 's under the street .
i guess it 's great .
like it 's great .
i 'm cool .
you have to be cool .
let 's see how great it is .
it would be great .
it would be great .
i mean , how great it is .
that 's great .
you 're doing great .
i guess you 're not eating .
that you 're not eating ?
i 'm not eating ?
you gon na eat ?
do you think you 're eating ?
you 'll be eating ?
you 'll be eating ?
i 'm not eating ?
that 's true you 're eating ?
you 're gon na do n't ?
i guess your ideas are weird ideas .
that you had weird ideas .
i guess you have weird ideas .
you seem to have weird ideas .
seem to have some weird idea .
you must be having fun ideas .
you must be having fun ideas .
i guess it 's got weird ideas .
that looks weird to you .
you 're looking at your funny ideas .
i guess that you 're weird .
that does n't strike you as weird ?
i do n't think it weird ?
you find it weird ?
do you think it 's weird ?
you 'll be weird ?
you 'll be weird ?
i 'm not feeling weird ?
that 's weird to you ?
you 're feeling weird ?
i guess someone 's helping him .
that someone was gon na help him ?
i mean , did anyone help him ?
you mean someone 's helping him ?
do you think someone 's helping him ?
you 'd say someone 's helping him ?
you 'd say someone 's helping him ?
i mean , did anyone help him ?
that 's true someone helped him ?
you 're saying someone 's helping him ?
i guess that much luck . lucky .
that ai n't lucky .
i 'm not lucky .
you have no luck .
let 's not get lucky .
you 'll be lucky .
you 'll be lucky .
i 'm not lucky .
that 's lucky .
you 've had no luck .
i know , after the gryf was climbing to his strong back and talking about the command .
after the gryf began to climb up to his strength and talking about the command .
i 'm going to the gryf and talking about the words of command .
they appear to have returned to his strength of the gryf , talking to the strength of the command .
let him to summoning of gryf 's strength and talk about command .
she could see the gryf rising to the strength of her back and talk to him about the command .
she could see the gryf rising to the strength of her back and talk to him about the command .
gryf ' d been climbing on his strong back , talking about the command .
this is true after summoning up the gryf , climbing into his strong back , talking about command him .
she have climbed into his strong rear , talking to the company about command .
i guess the grass 's rising from the wall .
that wall is growing grass .
i know the grass 's rising from the wall .
we have grass growing grass from the wall .
let 's see the grass rising from the wall .
we can see the grass rising from the wall .
we can see the grass rising from the wall .
grass 's rising from the wall .
this is growing from the wall .
we 've got grass growing from the wall .
i guess there too .
that 'll have a cup of coffee .
i have to go to the coffee too .
you have to go for coffee .
let 's have a cup of coffee .
we 'll have a cup of coffee .
we 'll have a cup of coffee .
i have to go to the coffee .
that 's too much for coffee .
we 're going to have coffee .
i guess these revisions consider any obligation under this chapter .
that revisions should consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
i need to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
they need to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
it should be considered that all obligations carried out in this chapter .
it should be considered that all obligations carried out in this chapter .
i need to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
this is necessary to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
they are required to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
i guess this is an aggressive message .
that message is quite aggressive , right ?
i think this a pretty aggressive message .
you think it 's a pretty aggressive message ?
do you think this is an aggressive message ?
you must have a pretty aggressive message .
you must have a pretty aggressive message .
i mean , this is a very aggressive message , huh ?
this is quite aggressive .
you 're thinking of this as an aggressive messages , right ?
i mean , a very intelligent way to get married people . . . . .
that marriage is intelligent .
i mean , an intelligent way to get married .
we have a clever way to marriage .
let 's get married intelligent for intelligent for intelligent for marriage .
we can get a clever way to get married .
we can get a clever way to get married .
i mean , a very way to get married .
this is intelligent for marriage .
we 're going to be able way to marriage .
i know you 've been upgraded .
that you said you were upgraded .
i said you have upgraded .
you tell me you have upgraded .
tell me you 've been upgraded .
you should have been upgraded .
you should have been upgraded .
i said you 've been upgraded .
that 's true you 've been upgraded .
you 've said you have upgraded .
i wish you were dead by the lights on fire .
because you burned yourself and lit death by the fire .
i 'm gon na burn you out of fire .
you burn yourself to burn by lighting up death .
burn yourself to death by lighting your fucking death .
you must have burned to death by lighting your farts .
you must have burned to death by lighting your farts .
i 'm gon na burn you up .
that 's dead by lighting up there lighting .
you 've burned yourself out of the fire .
i guess it was built above the existing water and the seating grid .
that it were built above the existing water and the seating grid .
i have been built this place over the existing water and the seating grid .
we need to be built above the existing water and the seating grid .
let 's build it through the existing water and the seating grid .
it would be built above the existing water and the power network .
it would be built above the existing water and the power network .
i mean , when this is built above the existing water and searing grid .
this is due to be built above the existing water and the seating grid .
they have been built above the existing water and the seating grid .
i guess they both of them have guns .
that both had weapons .
i mean , both weapons .
they have to have guns .
let 's have the gun .
they must have guns .
they must have guns .
i mean , both weapons .
both is weapons .
they 've got guns .
i mean , in addition , the compenscation of the debris .
that there is a expressly compensated list of damages to remove .
i mean , too expressly compenslowment of the compensation for the removal list .
they appear to expressly compensate for eliminating the damage .
let them expressly list damages in particular to be removed .
they shall be expressly compensated for removal of the list of debris .
they shall be expressly compensated for removal of the list of debris .
i mean , in addition , the list damages in the removal .
this is expressly compensated for removal .
they have been expressly compencompencompencompencompencompencased that they are responsible removal of .
i guess it sounds like she 's sad .
that sounds like she 's sad .
i guess it sounds like she 's sad .
you seem to be sad to scream .
sound like she sound sad .
she must sound like she sounded sad .
she must sound like she sounded sad .
i guess it sounds like she 's screaming .
this looks sad to scream .
they 're screaming like she 's sad .
i know what it has a good taste .
that it has a good taste .
i do n't taste what he has .
you have to taste what it has .
let him taste what he has .
he can taste what he has .
he can taste what he has .
what a good taste she has .
that 's nice to taste .
you 've got the taste .
i guess your wife 's gon na appreciate it .
that should appreciate your wife .
i 'm supposed to appreciate your wife .
you have to appreciate the woman .
let 's appreciate your wife .
you should appreciate the woman .
you should appreciate the woman .
i 'm supposed to appreciate your wife .
that 's due to your wife .
you 're supposed to appreciate the woman .
i guess the messenger 's giving you the envelope full of cash .
because the messenger has delivered you the envelope full of cash .
i 'm just giving you the messenger to the envelope for money .
you have to bring the messenger to you the envelope .
have the messenger put you in the envelope full of cash .
you 'll have the messenger an envelope full of cash .
you 'll have the messenger an envelope full of cash .
messenger 's been sending you an envelope full of cash .
this is enough for the messenger the envelope full of cash .
you 've got a messenger to give you the envelope full of cash .
i guess you 're not going ?
that you 're not going ?
i 'm not going ?
you want to come ?
do you not come ?
you 'll come ?
you 'll come ?
i 'm not going ?
that 's right ?
you 're not going ?
i hate being trapped in bed .
that i hate to be trapped in bed .
i hate to get caught in bed .
you hate being trapped in bed .
let 's trapped in bed .
you must be trapped in bed .
you must be trapped in bed .
i hate to be trapped in bed .
that 's true i hate to be trapped .
you 're trapped in bed .
i guess there 's no such compensation .
that some kind of compensation would be appropriate ?
i do n't think there 's any compensation ?
you want to compensate for some compensation ?
do you think there 's any such compensation ?
you 'd think of some kind of compensation .
you 'd think of some kind of compensation .
i mean , do n't some compentail compensation ?
this is unlikely to be compensated ?
you 're gon na make some compensation ?
i guess that bastard 's gon na kick his ass .
that son of a bitch is gon na kick his ass .
i 'm gon na kick his ass .
you want to kick his ass .
let 's get that bastard kicked out of his butt .
he 'll kick your ass .
he 'll kick your ass .
i mean , that bitch 's gon na kick his ass .
that 's right about to be a son of his ass .
you 're gon na kick your ass .
i know there 's a missing person reporting from the one of woodburne 's wife .
that woman from woodburne 's wife has been reported to her husband .
i know that a man who 's wife from woodburne 's husband .
you have to report a missing man who has a woman from woodburne for his husband .
miss woodburne 's wife 's wife reports of a missing man .
you can report a missing man from a woman from woodburne for his husband .
you can report a missing man from a woman from woodburne for his husband .
i 'm not aware of a missing man who has written a woman from woodburne for her husband .
this is missing from a woman from woodburne for her husband .
we 've got a missing person reporting from a woodburne woman .
i don ' t win battles .
that remedy wo n't win .
i do n't want to win the battles .
you have to fight victory .
stop treating you winning battles to win .
you will fight no victory .
you will fight no victory .
retreated 's not winning battles .
this is hard to fight for victory .
we 're doing no winning battles .
i guess you were acting pretty much .
that looks like you 're acting pretty around .
i guess you were acting very much ?
you seem to have been acting pretty around .
seem to be acting pretty much in a zone .
you might seem you were acting pretty much .
you might seem you were acting pretty much .
i guess you were acting pretty much around .
this looks like you 're acting very regional .
you seem to have been acting pretty .
i know he 's dead . how he died .
that he 's not sure how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
you know i know how he died .
tell me know how he died .
he 'll be unknown to me how he died .
he 'll be unknown to me how he died .
i do n't know how he died .
that 's unknown to me how he died .
you 're not heard him when he died .
i break into the hotel room , just like nixon 's going down .
that she broke into the hotel room was just like nixon .
i 'm going to the hotel room , just like nixon 's .
we have to break into the hotel room , just like nixon .
let 's break into the hotel room , like nixon 's .
he could break into the hotel room , just like nixon 's .
he could break into the hotel room , just like nixon 's .
i 'm going to the hotel room , just like nixon 's gone downstairs .
that 's exactly what nixon went down in the hotel room .
we 're going to the hotel room , just like nixon .
i mean , an autopsy report .
that autopsy report an autopsy report ?
i 'm an autopsy report ?
you want to report an autopsy ?
do you report an autopsy report ?
they 'll report an autopsy report ?
they 'll report an autopsy report ?
i mean , an autopsy report ?
this is an autopsy ?
they 're reporting an autopsy report ?
i guess nael 's at risk of dying .
that nael is at risk of dying .
i 'm at risk of dying .
we risk dying in nael .
let 's die in nael risk .
it will be dangerous to die .
it will be dangerous to die .
nael 's got to be dangerous .
this is dangerous to die .
you 're going to risk dying .
i mean , helping you protect your security , your web browsing content from this site .
that web browsed with other content to help protect your security .
i mean , helping you protect your security , your web browsing content from this website .
you need to help protect your security , too , your web browsing more content .
help to help protect your security , your web browsing more content from this site .
you can help protect your security , too , your web browsing more content from this site .
you can help protect your security , too , your web browsing more content from this site .
i mean , helping you protect your security , your web browsing more content from this site .
this is necessary to help protect your security , your web browsing more content .
you have blocked other content of your web browsing more content , too .
i guess her weight 's more weight than this way .
that weight is more than that .
i guess her weight 's a little more than this .
you have to weigh more than this way .
take her weight a little more than this .
she must be more than that .
she must be more than that .
i mean , her weight 's more than this .
that 's a little higher than that .
they 've got a little more weight than this .
i use intermittent explosions .
that they use intermittent explosions .
i mean , uh , used intermittent explosions .
they use intermittent explosions .
use the intermittent news .
they 'll use an intermittent explosion .
they 'll use an intermittent explosion .
i mean , they use intermittent explosions .
this is due to intermittent explosions .
they are using intermittent explosions .
i know my mom .
that i was my mother .
i 'm the mother , mother , mother ?
they call me mother .
let 's go to my mom .
they 'd be my mom .
they 'd be my mom .
i 'm the mother .
this is mother 's .
they 've been my mother .
i know he 's a new york employee .
that guy 's a new york employee .
i 'm an employee of york .
they call him a new york employee .
let 's go to new york 's employees .
he 'll be a new york employee .
he 'll be a new york employee .
i mean , uh , new york employee .
that 's new york 's employee .
you 're going to new york 's new york .
nicole 's still crying .
that nicole was still crying .
nicole continued crying .
we continue crying nicole .
nicole 's still crying .
she could keep crying .
she could keep crying .
nicole 's still crying .
this is nicole 's still crying .
they 've kept crying .
i guess it 's stable .
that there 's no stable girl .
i do n't have a girl .
they do n't have stable girls .
let 's not have any stable girls .
they can be stable .
they can be stable .
i do n't have any stable girls .
that 's impossible to be stable .
we 're not stable .
i love dancing .
that you want to dance ?
i like to dance ?
you want to dance ?
do you like to dance ?
you 'll dance .
you 'll dance .
i like to dance .
that 's nice to dance ?
you 're gon na dance ?
i see that stone around here .
that stone is seen here ?
i see that stone around here ?
you gon na see that stone ?
have you seen that stone ?
you can see that stone around ?
you can see that stone around ?
i see that stone 's got here ?
this is more than a stone ?
you 're seeing a stone around here ?
i guess it 's fun .
that funny time is .
i mean , what 's so funny ?
you find it amusing .
let 's hear some fun times .
it must be fun .
it must be fun .
i mean , what 's so funny ?
this is hilarious .
you 're having fun .
i hate you . how disgusting .
that you 're disgusting !
i 'm so disrespectful .
you seem to be disrespectful .
let 's disrespectful you are !
you can be disrespectful .
you can be disrespectful .
i like you 're so disrespectful !
that 's so disgusting .
you 're disgusting !
i guess the klingon attacked cardassia .
that he was trapped in .
i 'm trapped in cardassia when the klingons attacked .
they catch him at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
get him trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he 'd been trapped in cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he 'd been trapped in cardassia when the klingons attacked .
cardassia 's been trapped when the klingons attacked .
this is trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
they have trapped him at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
i die just as soon as i got attacked .
if i were gon na be attacked .
i would have died just as soon as i got attacked .
they gon na die just as soon as i got attacked .
let me die just as soon as i get attacked .
they would have died just as soon as i got attacked .
they would have died just as soon as i got attacked .
i would have died just as soon as i got attacked .
that 's just as soon as i got attacked .
they 're gon na die just as soon as i get attacked .
i demand applicants to apply to administrative positions of eurosimply .
that applicants are invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
i demand applicants to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
they invite applicants to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
invite applicants to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
they shall be invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
they shall be invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
applicants are invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
this is necessary to invite applicants for administrative positions in eurosimply .
they are invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
i promise you i promise you that .
that i promise you to dream .
i promise to me that dream of yours before mine .
you have to promise me that you will dream before mine .
let me promise you that dream before mine .
you 'll dream before my dream .
you 'll dream before my dream .
i promise you that dream before mine .
that 's promising to put your dream in front of me .
you 've promised you to dream before mine .
i guess the girl who 's looking at grandma 's murder a bull .
that girl is looking at her grandma kill a bull .
i 'm a girl who 's looking at her grandma 's bull .
they have to watch their grandmother kill a bull .
let 's see that the girl is a bull 's bull 's bull 's bull .
he 'll be watching his grandmother watching his grandmother kill the bull .
he 'll be watching his grandmother watching his grandmother kill the bull .
i mean , a girl who 's looking at her grandma 's bull .
this is nice to watch her grandmother kill a bull .
they 're looking at the girl who killed the bull .
i guess you 're afraid to catch them .
that you 're afraid to catch .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
you have to be afraid they 'll catch you .
scare you to catch you to you to catch .
you must be afraid to be caught .
you must be afraid to be caught .
i 'm afraid they 'll catch you .
that 's afraid they 'll catch you .
you 're worried about being caught .
i mix the water with the pump .
that it was mixed with water and pump .
i mix it with water and pump it .
we mix it with water and pump it .
let 's with water . get in the pump .
you can mix it with water and pump it .
you can mix it with water and pump it .
i ' s mixed with water .
that 's mixed with water and pump .
we 're gon na water and pump it .
i mean , is there difference ?
that difference is coming ?
i do we have differences ?
you have differences here ?
do you have any differences ?
we 'll have differences ?
we 'll have differences ?
i mean , is there ?
this is different ?
we 're talking difference ?
i need to find the open area and light fire .
that we need to find an open area and light fire .
i need to find an open area and light fire .
we have to find the open zone open and light fire .
let 's find the open area and light fire .
we must find the open zone open and fire . .
we must find the open zone open and fire . .
i need to find an open area and light fire .
this is necessary to find an open area and light fire .
we 're gon na have to find open area and light fire .
i really do n't know .
that does n't know .
i do n't know .
you have to know .
let me not know .
you must be sure .
you must be sure .
i do n't know .
this is really uncertain .
you 've got no idea .
i beg your pardon , mr. harriman .
that i 'm sorry , mr. harriman ?
i 'm sorry , mr. harriman ?
you want to excuse me , mr. harriman ?
excuse me . excuse me .
we 'll excuse you , mr. harriman .
we 'll excuse you , mr. harriman .
i 'm sorry , mr. harriman .
that 's sorry , mr. harriman .
you 're sorry , mr. harriman ?
i guess , you son of a bitch !
that son of a bitch !
i 'm gon na stop you !
you want to stop , asshole !
stop it you son of a bitch !
you must stop , asshole !
you must stop , asshole !
i 'm gon na stop you !
that 's fucking quiet !
you 're gon na stop , asshole !
i guess it 's silly to put oyster on the clam .
that son of a fucking oyster a oyster in the clam .
i do n't crazy about putting oyster on the clam .
you seem to be crazy about the oyster in the clam .
do you look like a fucking fool to put oyster of oyster .
it would look like a damn fool to bring the oyster .
it would look like a damn fool to bring the oyster .
i do you think it 's crazy about the oyster in the clam .
that 's fucking stupid to give the oyster in the clam .
you 're gon na be crazy about the oyster .
i guess if you 'll leave this dark only to enter the dark .
if you keep going to leave the darkness , in the dark .
i mean , if you continue to leave the dark only to enter the dark .
you keep going to leave the darkness only to enter the dark .
let 's go in the dark only dark to enter the dark .
you will leave the dark only in the dark to enter the dark .
you will leave the dark only in the dark to enter the dark .
i mean , if you keep going out the darkness only to enter the dark .
this is only dark , if you continue to be dark .
you 're going to leave this darkness in the dark .
i guess 's the only a 's only wizard he knew .
that kalizkan was the only wizard .
i know kalizkan 's one wizard knew .
you know kalizkan 's the only a wizard he knew .
kalizkan 's the only wizard he knows .
he would be a wizard he knew .
he would be a wizard he knew .
kalizkan 's the only wizard he knew .
this is the only wizard he knew .
they 've known kalizkan 's only wizard .
i know who is he ? `` jack asked .
that guy is the guy ?
i 'm the guy who asked ?
you want to know ? `` jack '' ?
do you know who ? ` jack asked .
he 'll ask who ? ` jack asked .
he 'll ask who ? ` jack asked .
i 'm the man ?
that 's true ? `` jack asked .
you 've asked jack .
i guess it 's air .
that we are outta air .
i do n't air !
we seem to be out of air .
let 's get some air .
we 'll be out of air .
we 'll be out of air .
i mean , air .
this is out of air .
we 've got air .
i guess it 's a beautiful blentin .
that 'll be a beautiful blentin .
i 'm a beautiful blence .
you make it a beautiful blenties .
let 's say that 's a beautiful blence .
it would be a beautiful blence .
it would be a beautiful blence .
i mean , that 's a beautiful blence .
that 's beautiful .
you 're talking pretty blenties .
i guess . think about the box .
that box is considered .
i think about a box .
you have to think about the box .
let 's think about the box .
you 'll think about that box .
you 'll think about that box .
i 'm thinking about the box .
that 's crazy about the box .
you 're thinking about the box .
i guess he 's not hungry tonight .
that does n't hungry today .
i guess he 's not hungry tonight .
they seem to be not hungry today .
seem to be not hungry tonight .
he would seem not hungry tonight .
he would seem not hungry tonight .
i guess he 's not hungry tonight .
that 's likely not hungry .
you seem not hungry tonight .
i guess it 's not evidence he killed kwak .
that proves he killed kwak 's killing .
i ca n't prove he proven he killed kwak ?
we have no proof that he murdered kwak .
let 's not prove he .
he can prove that he killed kwak .
he can prove that he killed kwak .
i ca n't prove he killed kwak .
this is no proof he killed kwak .
we 've got no proof that he murdered kwak .
i bet you a lot fun .
that sure is fun .
i bet it 's fun .
you have to be very funny .
let 's have a lot of fun .
you must be fun .
you must be fun .
i bet you a lot fun .
that 's really funny .
you 're having a lot .
i guess the leader 's not here .
that he did n't have a leader .
i did n't have a leader .
we have no leader yet .
let 's not find the leader .
he could be no leader .
he could be no leader .
i did n't have a leader .
that 's impossible to lead .
we 've had no leader .
i guess it was a terrible day .
that was a terrible day .
i 'm a terrible day .
you have to be a terrible day .
let 's have a terrible day .
it must be a terrible day .
it must be a terrible day .
i 've been a terrible day .
this is terrible day .
we 've had a terrible day .
i guess . stop talking like a jerk .
that you 're a moron .
i do n't talk like a fool .
you stop talking like a fool .
stop talking like a jerk .
you should stop talking like a fool .
you should stop talking like a fool .
stop talking like a fool . stop talking like a fool .
that 's fucking stupid .
you 're talking like a fool .
i know , inspector . no frat the street .
that street does n't have a frat .
i do n't know the frat the street .
we do n't have no frat on the street .
let 's not the frat on the street .
we 'll have no frat on the street .
we 'll have no frat on the street .
inspector , there 's no frat on the street .
that 's impossible to talk about , inspector in the street .
we 're talking about the street , inspector on the street .
i saw him , his fist down his fist .
that tall fist saw him , flinched away .
i saw him , his fist down the fist of a .
they see him , his fist flinched fist flinched .
let 's see the tall fist saw him , flinched .
he could see the tall fist flinched .
he could see the tall fist flinched .
his tall fist saw him , flinched away .
this is huge fist saw him flinched .
they 've seen him , a tall fist .
i guess you never wan na be mad ?
that you never wan na get mad ?
i 'm not gon na be mad ?
you wan na get really upset ?
have you ever wanted to get mad ?
you 'll be upset if you never ?
you 'll be upset if you never ?
i mean , you never wan na be mad ?
this is really upset about you ?
you 're gon na be pretty upset ?
i guess his eyes flinched .
that eyes were flinched , just a bit .
i do n't know his eyes , just a little .
they make him flinched , just a little .
let 's hear his eyes flinched .
he could see his eyes slightly .
he could see his eyes slightly .
eyes flinched his eyes slightly . . . . .
that 's slightly flinched .
they 've been flintering a little .
i never swallowing his medication .
that he did n't swallowing his medication .
i do n't swallowing his medication .
you do n't swallowing his medication .
stop swallowing his medication .
he could n't swallow his medication .
he could n't swallow his medication .
i do n't swallowing his medication .
this is too bad for his medication .
you do n't swallowing his medication .
i guess you do n't need a dust on your clothes .
that you do n't have to wear dust .
i do n't need to wear gunpowder in your clothes .
you have to wear dust in your clothes .
let 's not find the dust in your clothes .
you must have no powder in your clothes .
you must have no powder in your clothes .
i do n't need to wear dust in your clothes .
that 's unnecessary for your clothes of dust .
you 've got to wear dust in your clothes .
i guess it 's just suicide trying to break mayan 's record .
that simply suicide would be tried to break mayan 's record .
i 'm just trying to break mayan 's record .
you try to break mayan 's record suicide .
try to break mayan 's records of a suicide .
it would be a suicide to try to break mayan 's record .
it would be a suicide to try to break mayan 's record .
i mean 's only suicide to try to break mayan 's record .
that 's only suicide to try to break mayan 's record .
we 're trying to break mayan 's record .
i guess he does n't like me anymore .
that point does n't love me anymore .
i do n't like her anymore .
you have to know , she does n't love me anymore .
let 's see if he does n't love me anymore .
he will love me no more than he likes me .
he will love me no more than he likes me .
i do n't like me no more .
that 's right , she does n't like me anymore .
you 're saying he 's not gon na love me anymore .
i guess i can drink .
that i could have a drink .
i might as well drink .
you want to have a drink ?
let me have a drink .
we can have a drink .
we can have a drink .
i might be drinking . drink .
that 's good for me to drink .
we 're going to drink .
i know he chose it .
that he chose ?
i picked them up ?
you choose it chosen ?
have they been selected ?
he 'd chosen it .
he 'd chosen it .
i ' m chosen ?
that 's worth choosing ?
they have been selected ?
i guess you watched out .
that you watched out there ?
i saw out there ?
you want to watch out ?
have you watched out ?
you 'd watch out ?
you 'd watch out ?
i 'm looking out ?
this is out there ?
you 're looking out ?
i guess your fate 's not like that .
that your fate does n't exist .
i do n't know your fate .
you seem to be your fate .
let 's see your fate be like that .
you 'll be your fate .
you 'll be your fate .
i do n't like your fate .
that 's too bad for your fate .
you 're going to be fate .
i guess the radio 's disgusting .
that radio is disgusting .
i 'm gon na suck the radio .
you have to suck the radio .
let 's get the radio .
you 'll suck the radio .
you 'll suck the radio .
radio 's gon na suck .
that 's fucking radio .
they 're gon na suck the radio .
i guess it hurts .
that hurts ?
i 'm just pain ?
you want to hurt ?
do you feel pain ?
you 'll hurt what ?
you 'll hurt what ?
i mean , what hurts ?
this hurts so pain .
you 're hurting me ?
i know that report 's been made to gino by maurice .
that report was made to gino with her .
i have a report to gino in los angeles .
we have to report to gino by maurice .
let 's report 's report to gino report to carlos report .
we 'll report to gino by maurice .
we 'll report to gino by maurice .
i 've been sent a report from gino , who 's been recorded .
this is bound by gino 's report , which she said .
we 've got a report on gino at serena .
i guess the light switch to work station at an easy to access the door .
if the light switch to work stations easily at the doors .
i want to install light switch to work at work stations easily available location near the door .
you have to install the light switch to work stations easily available near the door .
install the light switch to work stations easily at the door .
you can install the light switch to work stations easily at the door .
you can install the light switch to work stations easily at the door .
windows to install the work station at an easy location near the door .
this is easy to install the light switch to work stations near the door .
you 're installing the light switch to work stations easily available to the door .
i don ' t care about christmas .
that christmas does not interested me .
i don ' t care about christmas .
you make me not interested in christmas .
let me not care about christmas .
you 'll give me for christmas .
you 'll give me for christmas .
i don ' t interested in christmas .
that 's no good for christmas .
we 're looking for christmas .
i wish you 'd give me some tips .
if you can give me some tips ?
i want some tips ?
you want to give me some tips ?
get me some tips .
you can give me some tips ?
you can give me some tips ?
i 'm gon na get some tips ?
that 's possible to give me some tips .
you 're gon na give me some tips ?
i guess she was smiling , too , which might be mysterious at times .
that smile was also possible to be mysterious sometimes .
i 'm also smiling , which may be mysterious at times .
you make her smile , which may be mysterious time of mystery .
make her smile at her , too , which may be mysterious .
she could be smiling , too , which could be mysterious sometimes be at times .
she could be smiling , too , which could be mysterious sometimes be at times .
i 'm also smiling , which is sometimes mysterious .
that 's too bad she was a little mysterious .
they 're smiling , too , which might be mysterious at times .
i guess you told me to find wolf where the wolf will find his prey .
that you told you to find the wolf where he can find his prey .
i told me to find wolf where the wolf will find his prey .
you tell me to find the wolf where his prey is .
tell me to find the wolf where he can find .
you should have told me to find the wolf where his prey is .
you should have told me to find the wolf where his prey is .
i 'm told me looking for a wolf where his prey is found .
this is true to find wolf to find the wolf where his prey is found .
you 've told you 're looking for wolf where his prey is found .
i know . kang , who was the coroner .
that he was the coroner .
i 'm a prof. kang , who 's a coroner .
you have to be a coroner .
let 's go to the coroner .
he must have been a coroner .
he must have been a coroner .
kang 's been the coroner .
that 's kang , the coroner .
you 've been a coroner .
i guess someone 's killing someone .
that sounds like someone killed .
i guess someone 's gon na kill you .
they seem to be killing someone .
seem to be someone murdered .
it would sound like someone murdered someone .
it would sound like someone murdered someone .
i guess someone 's gon na kill you .
that looks like someone murdered .
they 're gon na kill someone murdered someone .
i guess the windows setup 's not finished setting up windows connection .
that windows setup did not finish your internet connection .
i ca n't finish windows setup completed your internet connection .
you fail to connect windows setup .
failed to connect windows setup to connect your connection .
you could be unable to complete the internet connection .
you could be unable to complete the internet connection .
windows setup 's not finished setting up your internet connection .
this is impossible to complete windows setup .
you have failed to connect windows setup .
i guess nobody 's gon na save you .
that place nobody could n't be saved .
i ca n't save anyone in this place .
you know nobody to save nobody .
let 's save nobody in this place .
you can save nobody in this place .
you can save nobody in this place .
i ca n't save anyone in this place .
this is impossible to save anyone .
we 're gon na save this place .
i guess vanessa 's gon na be a victim of demons .
that vanessa may have fallen victims of demons .
vanessa could have fallen victims of demons too .
you know vanessa 's victims to demons too .
vanessa 's gon na be the victims of demons .
he could have fallen victims too .
he could have fallen victims too .
vanessa 's got a victim of demons .
this is possible for vanessa 's victims too .
we 're going to have vanessa 's victims too .
i guess your strike at the guard how bad you were .
that guard of yours is the guard , how wrong ?
i know what bad is going on the guard how bad you were ?
you want to hit the guard how bad , right ?
do you know how bad you were ?
you must have hit the guard , how bad enough ?
you must have hit the guard , how bad enough ?
i mean , your hit the guard how bad you were ?
that 's bad for your guard .
you 're hitting the guard , the guard is n't ?
i guess she 's face serious charges to steal from her company .
that she had serious charges to steal from her company .
i know , uh , face serious charges for stealing from her company .
they face serious charges to steal from their company .
face serious charges to steal from her company .
he must face serious charges to steal from her company .
he must face serious charges to steal from her company .
i mean , she 's face serious charges to steal from her company .
this is serious to steal from her company .
they 're facing serious charges to steal from their company .
i know english , science , chemical books .
that i have english , science , chemical books .
i have english , science , chemical books .
you make me english , science , chemical books .
let me speak english , science , chemical books .
we can speak english , science , chemical books .
we can speak english , science , chemical books .
i have english , science , chemical books .
this is english , scientific , chemical books .
we 've got english , science , chemical books .
i know , somewhere on the steepest slope ... is an infinite rope .
somewhere on the steepest slope , is an infinite rope .
i know somewhere in a steepest slope is an infinite rope .
you have to go somewhere on the steepest slope .
let 's go somewhere in the steepest slope .
it will be an infinite rope somewhere on the steepest slope .
it will be an infinite rope somewhere on the steepest slope .
i mean , somewhere in the steepest slope is an infinite rope .
that 's endless rope in steepest slope .
you 're going to be an infinite rope somewhere on steepest slope .
i know you have invited to the foreign troops to the sovereign land of france .
that foreign troops were invited to the sovereign land of france ?
i suppose you invited foreign soldiers to the sovereign land of france ?
you want to invite foreign soldiers to sovereign land of france ?
do you invite foreign troops to sovereign france soil ?
you would invite foreign soldiers to sovereign land of france .
you would invite foreign soldiers to sovereign land of france .
i 'm sure you invited foreign troops to sovereign land of france .
this is true for foreign troops of foreign soldiers ?
you 've been invited to the sovereign land of france .
i didn ' t have a solar system in solar systems , not even in any moon or planets , this huge , feral creature .
that solar system did n't exist in any moons or planets , had such a huge , feral creature .
i did n't have a place in solar system , not even in any moons or planets , such as a huge feral creature .
we have no place in solar system in any moons or planets ... or such a huge , feral creature .
let 's not find a place in solar systems without moons or planets ... ... that 's a feral creature .
it could see no place in solar systems , no one of the moons or planets , such as a huge , feral creature .
it could see no place in solar systems , no one of the moons or planets , such as a huge , feral creature .
i did n't have a solar system in solar systems , no moons or planets , that 's a huge , feral creature .
this is incredible .
we have made no place in solar systems , no moons or planets , such as a huge feral creature .
i guess everyone 's going to kill themselves .
that everyone will kill themselves killed .
i 'm going to kill everyone .
they want to kill themselves .
let 's kill everyone .
they 'll kill each other .
they 'll kill each other .
i 'm going to kill everyone .
this is all going to kill themselves .
they 're going to kill themselves .
i see your digital media system .
that it allows you to run digital media from network .
i see your digital media using your network media ?
you make it possible to update digital media .
let 's internet media to be safe media .
it can help your digital media in the network .
it can help your digital media in the network .
better internet media with digital media .
that 's possible to make digital media .
you 're allowing digital media internet media internet media to network .
i guess it 's mine this afternoon .
that afternoon you are mine .
i do n't my afternoon .
you belong to me this afternoon .
let 's mine be your afternoon .
you 'll be mine this afternoon .
you 'll be mine this afternoon .
i mean you at noon .
this is mine this afternoon .
you 've been mine this afternoon .
i guess you wan na put a locator on the mobile phone ?
that you 're gon na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
i suppose you gon na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
do you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
you 'd like to make of a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
you 'd like to make of a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
i 'm gon na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
that 's enough to make strah on strah 's mobile phone ?
you 're gon na make a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
i guess i 'll have breakfast ?
if i have breakfast ?
i 'm supposed to have breakfast ?
you want me to have breakfast ?
let me get breakfast .
you 'd like breakfast ?
you 'd like breakfast ?
i 'm supposed to make you ?
that 's breakfast for breakfast .
you 're supposed to have breakfast ?
i guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow for edo .
that you 're gon na leave tomorrow for edo .
i guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow for edo .
you have to leave tomorrow for edo .
let 's guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow for edo .
you will be leaving tomorrow for edo .
you will be leaving tomorrow for edo .
i guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow .
that 's true you 're going to edo tomorrow .
you 're gon na leave for edo .
i guess she feared that trisha felt guilty and afraid .
that she felt guilty and frightened trisha 's guilt and fear .
i thought she was afraid of fear of fear of fear of fear trisha .
you think trisha 's frightened by feeling guilty and afraid .
let trisha 's fear , and frightened .
she could feel guilty and worried , as trisha thought .
she could feel guilty and worried , as trisha thought .
trisha 's thought to fear , and that trisha felt guilty .
this is scary to think that trisha felt guilty and afraid .
they have thought about her fear , that trisha felt guilty and frightened .
i guess $ 50 grand for me .
that 'll get 50 thousand , okay ?
i 'm gon na get 50 ?
you gon na get 50 grand ?
do you think i 'm 50 .
you 'll get me 50 grand .
you 'll get me 50 grand .
5,000 's gon na get 50 .
that 's $ 5,000 for me .
you 're gon na get me 50 .
i guess it 's not time for sex .
that does n't have to think .
i do n't have time for sex .
we have no time to think about sex .
let 's think about sex .
it will be thinking about sex .
it will be thinking about sex .
i 'm not thinking about sex .
this is no time for sex .
we 're thinking about sex .

that sex does n't belong to compete .
i do n't have sex with competition .
you have no sex . sex . sex .
do you know sex with sex . sex . sex .
it will be no part of competition .
it will be no part of competition .
sex 's got no competition .
this is no big deal to sex .
we 're talking about sex .
i don ' t heard his majesty 's order ?
that you have not heard his orders ?
i 'm not sure you heard his majesty 's order ?
you have not heard his majesty order ?
have you not heard his majesty 's order ?
you 'd heard his majesty 's majesty 's orders .
you 'd heard his majesty 's majesty 's orders .
i have you heard his majesty 's order ?
this is impossible to hear his majesty 's order ?
you 've heard the orders of your majesty ?
i guess you want to lick him .
that you want to lick him ?
i want to lick him ?
you want to lick him ?
do you want to lick him ?
you 'd like to lick him ?
you 'd like to lick him ?
i want to lick him ?
that 's true you want to you ?
you 're going to lick him ?
i know what it is all about amateur .
like there are all that amateur ?
i mean , uh , what is that about ?
you want to see all this amateur is ?
do you know what it is ?
you can do what it is with all this amateur ?
you can do what it is with all this amateur ?
i mean , what is that sort of amateur ?
this is so boring .
you 're talking about all this amateur ?
i guess our plans to tell people .
that plan does n't tell people .
i do n't want to tell people about our plans .
we have to tell people about our plans .
let 's not tell people our plans .
we 'll tell people about our plans .
we 'll tell people about our plans .
i do n't want to tell people .
that 's hard to tell people .
we 're gon na tell people .
i guess i have a new experience to me seeing games or a game or something like this .
that my new experience is to see a game or game or a match .
i have a new experience all new experiences , or a game , or anything like this .
you seem to have a whole new experience or game , or anything like this .
let me see the game or game game or the game .
it will be a new experience for me to see the game or the game or something like this .
it will be a new experience for me to see the game or the game or something like this .
i have a new experience to see a game or a game or something like this .
this is full of new experience for seeing a game or a game or something like this .
you 've got a whole new experiences to see a game or a game or something like this .
i mean , who 's defending ?
that he 's defending ?
i 'm defending against who ?
you want to defend against him ?
do you mean who 's defending ?
you should defend against whom ?
you should defend against whom ?
i 'm defending you ?
that 's responsible for defense ?
you 're defending against who ?
i mean , everybody 's gon na scream .
so they all scream .
i mean , everybody 's screaming .
they make everybody screaming .
let 's all scream .
they 'll scream .
they 'll scream .
i mean , everybody 's screaming .
that 's why everybody screams .
they 're screaming .
i guess the empire 's country will use this kind of thinking to justify the economy aspisement .
that an empire may use such an empire to justify the economy 's economy .
i suppose an empire might use such a thing to justify the economy 's greed .
you know the empire the empire a country that might justify economy lunatic .
let 's think of the empire , to justify the economy lunatic .
it can be used by an empire 's empire , such a way to justify the economy .
it can be used by an empire 's empire , such a way to justify the economy .
empire the empire may use such a way to justify the economy asagreement .
this is possible for the empire 's country to justify an empire of economy .
we 're going to use this empire to justify the economy aspisement .
i need everybody to focus on the security of the minister ' s visit .
that i need to focus on security on security on the minister ' s visit .
i need everybody to focus on the minister ' s ' visit .
they need to focus on security for the minister ' s visit .
let 's all focus on security for the minister ' s visit .
we must focus on the security for the minister .
we must focus on the security for the minister .
i need everybody to focus on security for the visit .
this is necessary to focus on the security of the minister .
they 're needed to focus on the minister ' s visit .
i don ' t look like trouble , treating him as a solution was an opportunity .
that it 's not a problem , treating him as a solution .
i don ' t seeing this as a problem , treating him as a solution .
you seem to this to be a problem , treating him like solutions .
stop seeing that 's the problem , treating him as a solution was an opportunity .
you can see that this is the way of treating him as an opportunity .
you can see that this is the way of treating him as an opportunity .
i don ' t seeing this as a problem , treating him as a solution .
this is more than trouble treating him as problems as an opportunity for solutions .
you 're not seeing this as problems , treating him as an opportunity solutions .

that does n't sound funny to us .
i 'm the only one who does n't think it 's funny .
we seem to be the only ones who do n't think it 's funny .
let 's be the only one who does n't think it 's funny .
we will be the only one who 's not laughing .
we will be the only one who 's not laughing .
i 'm the only those who are n't think it 's funny .
that 's just funny .
we are being the only ones who 's not funny .
i want to be friends .
if you want to be friends ?
i want to be friends ?
you want to be friends ?
do you want to be friends ?
you 'll be friends ?
you 'll be friends ?
i want to be friends .
that 's good for friends ?
you 're going to be friends ?
i 'm an idiot !
if you idiot !
i 'm an idiot ?
you want to be an asshole ?
do you think you asshole ?
you must be an asshole .
you must be an asshole .
i 'm an idiot !
that 's stupid .
you 've got a bleachery ?
i mean , you ca n't answer to 300 mg thorazine ?
that you ca n't answer 300 mg thorazine ?
i do n't know how you can answer 300 mg thorazine ?
you want to answer three hundred mg thorazine ?
do you know how to answer 300 mg thorazine ?
you can get three hundred mg thorazine 's not possible .
you can get three hundred mg thorazine 's not possible .
i mean , how can you not respond to 300 mg thorazine ?
this is impossible to respond to 300 mg thorazine ?
you 're going to unanswered at 300 mg thorazine ?
i know sabat 's killing bandits .
that sabat killed the bandits .
i know sabat the killing of bandits .
they kill the sabate .
sabate 's killing the bandits .
he 'll kill the bandits .
he 'll kill the bandits .
sabate 's gon na kill the bandits .
that 's sabate to kill .
they 're killing the sabate for the bandits .
i know . everybody .
that everyone knows .
i know . everybody .
we know it .
let 's know .
we can know .
we can know .
i know . everybody .
this is familiar .
we 've known .
i guess you 're not afraid of dying .
that you 're not afraid of dying .
i 'm not afraid of dying anymore .
you have no fear of dying .
stop worrying about dying .
you will be afraid of death .
you will be afraid of death .
i 'm not afraid of death no more .
that 's no longer afraid of dying .
you 're worried about death .
i guess it 's a little about this .
that stuff was weird .
i guess it 's weird .
you find things weird around here .
let 's get a little weird around here .
it would be kind of something .
it would be kind of something .
i mean , there 's getting weird things .
this is kind of weird .
you 've got a little weird around here .
i guess they did n't sell .
that they did n't sell the newspaper .
i do n't sell the newspaper .
they do n't sell the paper .
stop selling the paper .
they 'd never sell the newspaper .
they 'd never sell the newspaper .
i never sell newspapers . never sell newspapers .
that 's impossible to sell the newspaper .
they 've never sold a newspaper .
i guess the bastard 's back .
that son of a bitch is back .
i know that bastard is back , okay ?
you 're a bastard .
let 's get that bastard .
he 'll be the bastard .
he 'll be the bastard .
i 'm back !
this is crazy !
you 're gon na be the bastard .
i hate your love of hard girls .
that you hate hard girls .
i don ' t like hard girls .
you hate it you hate girl .
stop like to love little girls .
you must hate hard on the girls .
you must hate hard on the girls .
i 'm not happy with hard girls .
that 's hard to love .
you 're not fond of hard girls .
i guess you wan na make all the whole lucky seven .
like you 're gon na make a lucky seven ?
i suppose you gon na make a whole lucky seven ?
you wan na make all of lucky seven ?
do you wan na make a lucky seven ?
you 'd like to make all the seventh lucky ?
you 'd like to make all the seventh lucky ?
i mean , you get all the lucky seven ?
this is good for the seven lucky ?
you 're gon na make a lucky seven ?
burton relied on him so he could wake up at the right now .
that burton depended on him to wake others at the right time .
burton relied on him so he woke up at the right time .
they depend on burton to wake up at the right time .
burton 's addicted to wake up the others at the right time .
he could wake up at the moment to wake up to him .
he could wake up at the moment to wake up to him .
burton 's depended to him to wake up at the right time .
that 's right when burton depended on him to wake the others in the right .
they 've depended on him so he can wake others in the right time .
i think coffee 's been depleted .
that coffee is percoating coffee .
i 'm percosting .
you have to make coffee .
let 's get some coffee .
we 'll make coffee .
we 'll make coffee .
i 'm sure .
that 's percoated by coffee .
we 've got a coffee .
i guess there 's a nice shotgun .
that gun is also nice .
i 'm also a nice shotgun .
you have to have a nice shotgun .
let 's have a nice shotgun .
you can have a nice shotgun .
you can have a nice shotgun .
i mean , too , a nice shotgun .
this is really nice shotgun .
you 've got a nice shotgun .
i never saw a better film .
that movie i 've never seen .
i never seen the best film like that .
we have to see the best film .
let 's see the best film .
it would be the best film i 've ever seen .
it would be the best film i 've ever seen .
i 've never seen a better film like that .
that 's the best film i 've ever saw .
we 've seen the best film i 've ever seen .
i guess the real killer 's sending him .
that the real killer was sent .
i 'm sure it was that the real killer sent him .
you have to send a real killer .
let 's see that real killer sent .
he could be sent by a real killer .
he could be sent by a real killer .
i guess it 's a real killer 's sending him .
this is possible to send a real killer .
you 're sending a real killer .
i get angry with fear .
because i 'm afraid i 'm upset .
i 'm afraid i 'm gon na get scared .
you have to be afraid .
let me be afraid i 'm afraid .
you 'll upset me .
you 'll upset me .
i 'm afraid i 'm upset .
that 's so scary to be afraid of me .
you 're gon na upset me .
i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given me .
that i will have the same deferential treatment as you have given me .
i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given my deputies .
you make me a similar deferential treatment you have given me .
let me see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given my deputies .
you 'll get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
you 'll get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given me .
this is very deferential to treatment you have given me my deputies .
we 're going to get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
i mean , but in this loss , a divine calm .
although the loss is a serenity , a divine calm .
i do n't sure it , but in this divine calm . . god 's a divine calm .
you have to be quiet in this loss , divine peace .
let 's say that the loss is serenority , divine calm .
it will be a serenity in this loss , a divine calm .
it will be a serenity in this loss , a divine calm .
i mean , but in the loss , a divine calm .
this is completely calm , divine calm .
we 're going to be a divine calm in this loss .
i think baseball league of minds .
that baseball league is gon na be the same .
i think baseball is the first league thinks like me .
we think baseball league 's gon na think about it .
let 's think the first league first league .
we 'll think of baseball first .
we 'll think of baseball first .
baseball 's got the first league to think about .
this is first league to think like me .
we 're thinking about baseball first .
i mean , uh , buying forecasts ?
that the forecasts exist ?
i mean , uh , forecasts ?
you want to buy foresee ?
do you think the foreseeable forecasts exist ?
you can buy foreseeable foreseeable ?
you can buy foreseeable foreseeable ?
i mean , buying forecasts ?
this is possible to buy forecasts ?
you 're offering forecasts ?
i don ' t eat .
that does n't make me hungry .
i do n't want to be hungry .
you have no appetite .
let me not starve .
it will be no hunger .
it will be no hunger .
i do n't want to be hungry .
this is no hungry .
you 're starving .
i mean , ms. nehru too .
that you were also involved , mrs nehru ?
i 'm also involved , mrs nehru ?
you have you involved , mrs nehru ?
do you belong to mrs nehru ?
you will be involved , mrs nehru ?
you will be involved , mrs nehru ?
madame nehru is also involved ?
that 's true , mrs nehru .
you 're involved , mrs nehru ?
i mean , uh , what , justice ?
that there 's miscarriage of justice ?
i do you have another miscarriage of justice ?
you want to miscarriage the justice ?
do you think it 's another judicial abortion ?
you 'll have a different miscarriage of justice .
you 'll have a different miscarriage of justice .
i mean , what , another miscarriage of justice ?
this is more miscarriage of justice .
you 're miscarriage of justice ?
i mean , is all mine ?
that everything is mine ?
i 'm talking about all mine ?
you want to be mine ?
do you think this is mine ?
you should be mine ?
you should be mine ?
i mean , this is everything is everything is everything is everything is everything mine ?
this is all mine ?
you 're talking about me ?
i hate being an asshole .
that you 're an asshole .
i 'm not an asshole .
you stop being an asshole .
stop being an asshole .
you should stop being an asshole .
you should stop being an asshole .
i 'm not an asshole .
that 's fucking stupid .
you 're gon na stop being an asshole .
i guess my mom 's been pregnant , dad 's still smoking .
after my mom was pregnant , dad 's still smoking .
i do n't smoke when my mother was pregnant , dad 's still here .
you know , uh , dad 's still smoking .
let 's just smoke when my mother 's pregnant .
he 'd been smoking when my mom was pregnant .
he 'd been smoking when my mom was pregnant .
mama 's got dad 's baby since dad was pregnant .
that 's true when my mom was pregnant , dad 's still smoking .
we 've been smoking since my mother was pregnant .
i guess you 're lucky .
that you are lucky .
i 'm lucky man with luck man .
you make you lucky .
let 's get lucky .
you 'll be lucky .
you 'll be lucky .
i mean , you 're lucky .
that 's lucky .
you 've been lucky .
i can not stop !
that i can not stop .
i can not stop !
you have to stop me .
stop it ! stop .
we can stop me .
we can stop me .
i can not stop !
that 's impossible to stop .
we 're stopping .
i mean , putting innocent lives in danger .
that innocent people would risk ?
i 'm putting innocent lives ?
you want to risk innocent lives ?
let 's risk innocent lives .
you 'll risk innocent lives .
you 'll risk innocent lives .
i 'm putting their lives in danger ?
that 's innocent lives risky ?
you 're putting innocent lives in danger ?
i know how crazy this crazy this crazy .
that 'll be crazy .
i 'm crazy .
you make him crazy .
let 's go crazy .
you can be crazy .
you can be crazy .
i mean , uh , crazy .
that 's crazy .
you 're going crazy .
i know , why is n't his motive .
because he 's not wrote ?
i do n't know why his motive is written ?
you want to write his motive ?
let 's write his motive .
he can write his motive ?
he can write his motive ?
i mean , why is n't he wrote ?
that 's why his motive written .
you 're writing his motive ?
i guess nothing 's left but oyarsa 's fear .
that there was left to fear in malacandra except oyarsa .
i don ' t want to be afraid of malacandra except oyarsa .
you need to be afraid of nothing but oyarsa .
let 's not fear in malacandra except oyarsa .
you must be nothing to malacandra 's fear , except oyarsa .
you must be nothing to malacandra 's fear , except oyarsa .
nothing 's not afraid of malacandra except oyarsa .
that 's nothing more than oyarsa 's fear .
you 've been worried about nothing but oyarsa .
i guess it 's not gon na be late .
that you 're not gon na be late .
i 'm sure you 're not gon na be late , okay ?
you have to make sure you 're not late .
let 's make sure you 're not late .
you 'll be late .
you 'll be late .
i 'm sure you 're not gon na be late .
that 's more than gon na be late .
you 're gon na be late .
i know , pain was born of anger .
that pain gave birth of rage .
i 'm giving up pain for rage .
they make pain angry .
let 's get angry .
he could feel anger when pain .
he could feel anger when pain .
pain 's been born anger .
this is terrible to be angry .
we have given up pain .
i guess you have barrenger molesting little girls .
that barrenger molesting little girls .
i suppose barrenger molesting little girls .
you have to molester little girls .
have barrenger molesting little girls .
you must have barrenger molesting little girls .
you must have barrenger molesting little girls .
barrenger 's got little girls .
this is barrenger molesting little girls .
you 're making barrenger molesting little girls .
i guess you bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
that you bring a girl at 9 : 00 in the evening .
i 'm going to the girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you want to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
let 's a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you 'll bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
i ' s going to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 tonight .
this is due to a girl home at 9 : 00 tonight .
you 're going to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
i fight in the young men in the war .
because i was in the war with youth .
i fought the war in my youth .
we have to go to the war with my youth .
let me go to the youth .
we must have a war in my youth .
we must have a war in my youth .
i was young , in the war .
this is true in my youth .
we 've been fighting in my youth .
i guess you 're smart .
that you 're smart .
i mean , like you 're you .
you make yourself smart .
make you smart .
you can be smart .
you can be smart .
i 'm so smart .
that 's so smart .
you 're being smart .
i remove mask to be removed .
that mask will be removed forever .
i want to remove the mask forever .
you want to remove the mask forever .
delete the mask to be kept forever .
he will remove the mask forever .
he will remove the mask forever .
i 'll remove the mask forever .
this is necessary to delete masks .
you 're eliminating a mask off forever .
i guess i would have to pick up merlin 's choice .
if i had chosen it , of course i would have taken merlin .
i guess i could have picked , i would have taken merlin with me .
you seem to have chosen me , of course would have taken merlin with me .
let me know if i would have taken merlin with me .
it would be obvious if i chose it , i would .
it would be obvious if i chose it , i would .
i guess i could have chosen , of me , i would have taken merlin with me .
that 's obvious if i would be choosing me by merlin .
you 're gon na take merlin with me , of course .
i mean , your friends want to have sex with virgins too .
that all your friends want sex with virgins ?
i mean , all your friends want to have sex with virgins ?
you want to have sex with virgins too ?
do your friends want sex with virgins too ?
you could have sex with virgins too ?
you could have sex with virgins too ?
i mean , all your friends want to have sex with virgins ?
that 's enough for all your friends to have sex with virgins .
you 're talking to have sex with virgins too ?
i guess what we play really strong , high-energy kind of stone .
that we 're just playing a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
i 'm just play very strong , high-energy kind of stone .
we have to play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
let 's play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
we can be played a strong , high-energy type of stone .
we can be played a strong , high-energy type of stone .
i mean , what we do is play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
that 's really strong , high-energy kind of stone .
we 're playing a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
i guess your mom likes it .
that your mom likes it .
i 'm sure your mom will love it !
you want to love your mom .
let your mom love it !
you 'll like your mom .
you 'll like your mom .
mama 's gon na love this !
that 's really good for your mom .
you 're gon na love your mom .
i guess the entire area 's evacuated .
that entire area is evacuated .
i 'm evacuating all over the area .
we have to evacuate the entire area .
let 's evacuate the entire area .
they 'll evacuate the entire area .
they 'll evacuate the entire area .
i 'm evacuating the entire area .
this is all evacuated .
they 're evacuating all over the area .
i guess you 're not listening .
that you 're not listening !
i 'm not listening !
you stop listening ! listen .
stop listening ! listen !
you will listen to you .
you will listen to you .
i 'm not listening !
that 's no listening !
you 're not listening !
i know what 's weird .
that thing is weird !
i know what 's weird !
you know what 's weird !
let 's think that 's weird !
he can be weird !
he can be weird !
i mean , what 's going !
that 's weird !
we 're talking weird .
i guess there 's anything in the machine .
that machine does n't have anything .
i do n't have anything in the machine .
we have nothing in the machine .
do n't you know anything about the machine .
you can see nothing in the machine .
you can see nothing in the machine .
i do n't have anything in the machine .
that 's nothing in the machine .
we 're talking about a machine .
i just listening .
that they do n't listen .
i ca n't listen to them .
they do n't listen .
do n't listen to them .
they wo n't listen .
they wo n't listen .
i do n't listen to listen .
this is just not listening .
they do n't listen .
i guess the ass-kicking would begin with the perfume .
that ass-kicking will begin with an asshole flowing with a tube .
i suppose an ass-kicking will begin with an asshole flowing with a concrete .
they begin to kick your butt , which poured the concrete flow .
let 's start with an ass-kicking with his butt flowing into the cement .
he will begin with an ass-kicking with his butt that poured a concrete .
he will begin with an ass-kicking with his butt that poured a concrete .
ass-kicking 's gon na start with a hot butt flowing on the concrete .
this is ready to start with an ass-kicking that ass filling a big deal .
they 're gon na start with an ass-kicking 's butt , flowing with the concrete .
i guess you hear a joke that joke going online with a doctor and all the students .
that joke about how doctors ' s going online with a doctor and all the students ?
i hear a joke that 's going online doctor and all students and all that students ?
you hear a joke about how doctors are going online and all students ?
have you heard a joke that 's going online with a doctor and all students ?
you can hear a joke about how doctors are going online and all students ?
you can hear a joke about how doctors are going online and all students ?
i hear a joke that 's going online with a doctor and all the students ?
this is true for a joke about a doctor is going to a doctor and all students ?
you 've heard a joke that are going online with a doctor and all the students ?
i guess she 's not going to leave her mother alone .
that she would n't leave her mother alone .
i do n't want to leave her mother alone .
you want to leave their mother alone .
let her mother go away from her own .
she 'd never leave her mother alone .
she 'd never leave her mother alone .
i mean , one of her mother 's never leave her alone .
that 's something she 's never gon na happen to her mother .
you 're gon na never leave her mother .
i know what an amazing feeling .
that feeling really beautiful .
i 'm so beautiful .
you have to feel beautiful .
let 's feel beautiful feelings are .
it could be beautiful .
it could be beautiful .
i mean , what a beautiful feeling .
that 's beautiful .
you 're feeling great feelings .
i know , technical discussion is in the way that the test results can be assessed .
that technical discussion is how the way that the test results .
i suppose technical discussion is in the way to assess the results of the test .
we need to assess technical negotiations as far as possible .
let 's assess technical discussion of the results of the test .
it can be assessed technical interviews by technical negotiations as possible .
it can be assessed technical interviews by technical negotiations as possible .
technical negotiations are in the results to assess results .
this is possible to assess technical discussion .
they are based on technical negotiations , as to assess the results .
i know your various devices .
that everyone knows your various equipment .
i know your various devices .
they know you have different equipment .
let 's all know your various devices .
they 'll know your various devices .
they 'll know your various devices .
i know your various devices .
each is familiar with your various equipment .
they 've all known your various equipment .
i guess this is mostly warm time .
that mostly happens in a warm periods .
i guess this is mostly in warm time of the warm time .
they appear to be in a warm period .
let 's do it in a warm period .
it will occur at a warm period .
it will occur at a warm period .
i mean , that happens in a warm period .
this is largely true in a time .
we 're going to have a warm period .
i guess the bears do n't have a !
that bears do n't have rascal !
i do n't have a rascal ridge .
they have no rascal ridge .
bear 's not rascal !
he 'll have no rascal ridge .
he 'll have no rascal ridge .
bear 's got no rascals .
that 's hard to have no rascals .
they 're taking the bears out of rascal !
i know you 're all you .
that everything is yours .
i 'm your whole thing .
they belong to you everything .
let 's take care about you .
you 'll have everything .
you 'll have everything .
i mean , uh , you own .
this is all yours .
you 've got everything for you .
i guess it 's a little uncomfortable silence .
that uncomfortable silence is possible .
i suppose it 's so uncomfortable silence .
we have to be quiet at least .
let 's have such an uncomfortable silence .
we can be quiet at least .
we can be quiet at least .
i mean , uh , this unpleasant silence .
this is very uncomfortable to be quiet .
we 're gon na be quiet at least be quiet .
i guess it 's tough .
that 'll be tough .
i 'm gon na be tough .
you have to be tough .
let 's be tough .
it will be difficult .
it will be difficult .
i 'm gon na be tough .
this is difficult .
you 're gon na be tough .
i see you late at night .
that late evening is visiting you .
i 'm visiting you late at night .
you have to visit me late at night .
let me visit you late at night .
you 'll visit me late at night .
you 'll visit me late at night .
i 'm visiting you late at night .
that 's late for you to visit .
you 're visiting me late at night .
i guess you 'll be out there in 30 minutes before he kills her .
until half an hour is going to kill her .
i 'm not waiting for half an hour to kill her .
you have to wait until half an hour .
stop waiting for half an hour to kill her .
you will wait for 30 minutes .
you will wait for 30 minutes .
i 'm not waiting for half an hour to kill her .
that 's only 30 minutes old .
you 're waiting for half an hour to kill her .
i guess it 's a tendency to talk about tramps today .
although tramps seem to be a tendency to talk about today 's people .
i guess it 's a little tramps have a tendency for all the women .
they seem to be the tendency to talk about all the tendency of all the women .
let 's talk like tramps is that tendency for all the dames .
it would seem to be the tendency to talk like tramps today .
it would seem to be the tendency to talk like tramps today .
i guess it 's a little tramps are a tendency for all the dames .
this looks like tramps are a tendency to talk about today .
we 're talking like tramps are a tendency for all the dames .
i know , even in the hellish conditions their smiles , their smiles , always the pride .
although the hellish conditions that their smiles have always been proud .
i do n't even know conditions for their smiles to be proud .
they continue to smile at the pride of their smiles on their own .
let them smiling in the hellish conditions of their smiles were always proud .
they could smile at the hellish conditions that their smiles , too .
they could smile at the hellish conditions that their smiles , too .
i mean , even in the hellish conditions , their smiles , smile was always pride .
that 's even more than the hellish conditions their smile .
they 've always been proud of the hell of their hellish conditions that their smiles .
i guess it to be an explanation for this explanation , but damon 's essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
that explanation must be made for a certain senses , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
i have to explain that damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
we have to explain that damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
let 's have to her that damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
it must be an explanation for that explanation , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
it must be an explanation for that explanation , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
i need to be sure if damon explanation , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
this is important to an explanation , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
we 've got to explain that explanation , but damon 's essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
i guess you should have made sure it violent .
that you should have made sure that no violence .
i 'm sure you should n't have made any violence .
you have to make sure there 's no violence .
let 's make sure there 's no violence .
you should have made sure there was no violence .
you should have made sure there was no violence .
i guess you should have made sure there was violent .
that 's sure you should n't have been violent .
you 've made sure you make sure there 's no violence .
i guess there 's no accurate figure .
that figure did n't exist .
i did n't have an accurate figure .
we have no accurate numbers .
do n't think it 's accurate .
he could see no accurate figure .
he could see no accurate figure .
i did n't have an accurate figure .
that 's unfair .
we 've had an accurate figure .
i guess we should go back to lunch .
so we should go back for lunch ?
i 'm supposed to go back for lunch ?
you want to go back to lunch ?
let 's go back to lunch .
we should return for lunch ?
we should return for lunch ?
i 'm supposed to go back to lunch .
that 's enough to return for lunch .
we 're going to have lunch again ?
i guess dave 's gon na play tonight .
that dave 's gon na play tonight ?
i 'm gon na play tonight ?
you gon na play dave tonight ?
let dave play tonight .
we 'll play dave tonight ?
we 'll play dave tonight ?
dave 's gon na play tonight ?
that 's true dave 's gon na play ?
you 're gon na play dave tonight ?
i wish you luck .
that 'll be lucky !
i wish you lucky !
you have to be lucky .
let 's get lucky !
you 'll be lucky .
you 'll be lucky .
i 'm lucky for luck .
that 's lucky !
you 're gon na be lucky .
i guess what i had to admit that you were happy to work with you both .
that i have to confess that i was happy to work with you both .
i have to admit that i was a pleasure in your work .
you have to admit that i 'm happy to work with you both .
let me confess that i have been happy work with you both .
you must be happy to work with both of you .
you must be happy to work with both of you .
i have to confess is that you were happy work with both of them .
that 's really nice to confess that you were happy to work with you .
you 've been happy to work with you both .
i hope not to drains .
that drains do n't , i hope ?
i hope not to drains ?
you want to hope ?
let 's hope not , drains .
you 'll be hoping for drains ?
you 'll be hoping for drains ?
i hope not to drains .
this is incredible . i hope .
you 're hoping for drains ?
i guess it 's not possible to increase the number of deaths .
if there is expected that death quickly .
i suppose if there 's a fast rising casualties ?
you expect to increase the number of casualties .
expect the number of deaths quickly .
he will expect a fast rising toll .
he will expect a fast rising toll .
i do you 'll expect a fast rising toll .
this is likely to be expected to cause of the number of deaths .
we 're expecting a fast rising toll quickly .
i guess the bank thinks it 's too risky .
that bank thinks it 's too risky .
i guess the bank thinks it 's too risky .
they think too much risk to the bank .
let 's think the bank is too risky .
he 'll think the risk is too much .
he 'll think the risk is too much .
bank 's thinking that 'll be too risky .
this is too risky for a bank .
they 're thinking too much of the bank .
i beg your apology is sent , examiner .
that excuse me , examiner .
i 'm sorry to send you out , examiner .
you have to send an apology , examiner .
let 's get an apology , examiner , examiner .
he 'll be sorry if you send an apology , examiner .
he 'll be sorry if you send an apology , examiner .
i 'm sorry to send you out , examiner .
this is sorry to send you out of him , examiner .
we 're sending an apology , examiner .
i guess it 's going to be trouble our whole family ?
so we 're gon na have problems ?
i 'm gon na have trouble getting our whole family fall ?
you gon na have trouble throwing our whole family ?
let 's get our whole family will be in trouble ?
we 'll have problems with our whole family ?
we 'll have problems with our whole family ?
i 'm gon na have problems , falling all the family ?
that 's why we 're going to trouble our whole family .
we 're gon na have trouble throwing our whole family away ?
i know something that 's hiding in that passageway .
that something is hiding in that passageway ?
i mean , what 's hiding in that passageway ?
you want to hide something in that passageway ?
do you know anything about the passageway ?
you can hide something in that passageway ?
you can hide something in that passageway ?
something 's been hiding in the passageway ?
that 's somewhere else ?
you 're hiding something in that passageway ?
i know the mysterious figure was built by a secret system of secrets system .
that mysterious figure was made by her , built a secret system .
i had built a secret system for her .
they make her a mysterious figure , built a secret system .
let her a mysterious figure be built by a secret system .
she could be a mysterious figure , built a secret system .
she could be a mysterious figure , built a secret system .
her mysterious figure out the secret system .
this is mysterious to have created by a secret system of secrets system .
they have built a secret system .
i wish you 're lucky .
that lucky man lucky .
i 'm lucky .
we have to be lucky .
let 's get lucky .
we 'll be lucky .
we 'll be lucky .
i mean , lucky .
that 's lucky .
we 're lucky .
i guess the whole london 's been locked up and the whole population is inside .
that all of london was locked up and the whole population was taken into this building .
i was locked up all over london and the whole population was taken into this building .
they have to be locked up all over london and the entire population .
let 's have been locked up all over london and the whole population in london .
they 'd been locked up all over london and all the population in the building .
they 'd been locked up all over london and all the population in the building .
london 's been locked up and the whole population has been taken into this building .
this is true of london , and the whole population is taken place inside .
they 've been locked up all over london and the whole population .
i guess it 's not happening so fast !
that does n't happen so quickly !
i 'm not going to happen so fast !
you have to do this quickly !
let 's not do this quickly !
it will happen so quickly !
it will happen so quickly !
i do so fast !
that 's not happening so fast !
you 're not going to do this fast !
i love the electorturously love bravery .
that voters like to be brave .
i want to give the electorate love bravery .
you have to give the electorate a bravery .
give the electorate to be brave .
he will give the electorate a bravery .
he will give the electorate a bravery .
voters like to love bravery .
this is important to the voters of love bravery .
we 're winning the electorate love .
i mean , integrating environment in policy dialogue .
that the commission is to integrating the environment in the policy dialogue .
i am the commission 's top priority in the environment in policy dialogue .
we need to integrate the environment at policy dialogue .
integrate the environment in policy dialogue .
it will be the highest priority of the commission 's environment in policy dialogue .
it will be the highest priority of the commission 's environment in policy dialogue .
i ' s top priority for the commission 's environment in the policy dialogue .
this is top priority for the commission 's environment in the policy dialogue .
we are creating an environment in a political dialogue in a priority of the highest priority .
i guess your students failed .
that student failed .
i do n't know your students failed .
you fail to fail your students .
fail the students !
you could fail the students .
you could fail the students .
your students fail you fail .
that 's impossible for your students to fail .
you have failed students .
i mean you 're an asshole !
that you 're an asshole !
i 'm an idiot !
you 're an idiot !
get me an idiot !
you must be an asshole !
you must be an asshole !
i 'm an idiot !
that 's stupid !
you 're being an asshole !
i hate killing my best friend .
that i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
you want me to kill my best friend ?
let me kill my best friend .
you 'll kill my best friend .
you 'll kill my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
this is impossible to kill my best friend .
you 're gon na kill my best friend .
i mean , it 's a real beautiful architecture .
that he 's a really nice architecture .
i 'm a real beautiful and all .
you have to be an architecture .
make him be a real beautiful . beautiful .
he must be a beautiful architecture .
he must be a beautiful architecture .
i 'm an architecture , really cute .
this is really cute .
they 're gon na be an architecture .
i love that . looks great .
that i love .
i like that , i look great .
you make me look great .
let me love this .
he must look great .
he must look great .
i like that , i look great .
this looks great .
you 're looking great .
i guess he did n't have an engine .
that did n't have an engine .
i did n't have an engine .
they do n't have an engine .
do n't have an engine .
he could have no engine .
he could have no engine .
i did n't have an engine .
that 's out of the engine .
they do n't have an engine .
i guess it hurts both of my feelings .
that hurts both of his feelings .
i would have hurt both of them and feelings .
they want to hurt both of my feelings .
let him hurt both of my feelings .
he 'd hurt both of my feelings .
he 'd hurt both of my feelings .
i 'd hurt both hurt both of his feelings .
this hurts both mine and my feelings .
they 're gon na hurt both of my feelings .
i guess 50 bucks 50 bucks .
that 'll be 50 bucks .
i 'm gon na make 50 bucks .
we have to make 50 bucks .
let 's make 50 bucks .
we 'll make 50 bucks .
we 'll make 50 bucks .
i 'm gon na make 50 bucks .
that 's 50 bucks .
we 're gon na make 50 bucks .
i never even knew .
that i never knew !
i never knew about it !
you have no !
have i never known !
he 'd never known !
he 'd never known !
i never knew about it .
that 's impossible !
you 've had no idea !
i guess the planet xon 's saving captain wubba .
that planet xon earth will of captain wubba will be saved .
i 'm going to save captain wubba 's planet .
we have to save captain wubba 's planet .
let 's save captain wubba 's planet .
we 'll save captain wubba 's planet .
we 'll save captain wubba 's planet .
planet xon will save captain wubba .
this is possible to save captain wubba .
we 're saving captain wubba 's planet .
i guess you 'll see her ?
like you saw him tonight ?
i want to see you today ?
you want to see him today ?
let 's see about this today .
you can see this today ?
you can see this today ?
i 'm gon na see you today ?
this is good to see you today .
you 're gon na see this today ?
i don ' m not going to land the third world .
that land wo n't be the third world land .
i do n't think there will be the third world land .
we want to see any land of the third world .
let 's not get any land in the third world .
we 'll be the land of the third world .
we 'll be the land of the third world .
i do n't think there 's any land in the third world .
this is impossible to land a third world .
we 're gon na be a third world country .
i guess you 're not dying so fast .
that you 're not dying so fast .
i 'm not dying so fast . die . die . die !
you stop dying so fast .
stop dying so fast .
you will die so quickly .
you will die so quickly .
i 'm not dying so fast .
that 's so not so not so fast .
you 're dying so fast .
i hear your screaming .
that screaming is telling me .
i 'm told your screaming .
you have to scream .
tell me the screaming .
you 'll scream .
you 'll scream .
i 'm talking to scream .
that 's what your scream .
you 're shouting at me .
i guess two weeks 's not enough .
that it 's not enough for two weeks .
i do n't have enough for two weeks .
you have to do nothing for two weeks .
let 's go weeks off weeks off .
it will last two weeks .
it will last two weeks .
2 weeks 's got nothing to do with it .
that 's not enough thing for two weeks .
we 've got two weeks left .
i guess mr. father 's dancing .
that mr. father was dancing ?
i did n't talk ?
you want to dance with mr. father ?
do you dance with mr. father ?
you could have danced with mr. father ?
you could have danced with mr. father ?
i mean , mr. father 's dancing ?
that 's true , sir ?
you 've been dancing with mr. father ?
i guess you 're joking , dad .
that you 're not joking , dad ?
i 'm not gon na joke , daddy ?
you gon na be joking , daddy ?
let 's just joke , daddy .
you can be kidding , dad .
you can be kidding , dad .
i 'm not gon na joke , daddy ?
that 's impossible to joke , daddy .
you 're joking , dad .
i never forgot about you for a day .
that you have n't forgotten for a day .
i do n't forget about this day .
you have to remember this day .
let 's just forget about this day .
you 'll have one of those days .
you 'll have one of those days .
i 've been forgotten one day .
this is one of the day you 've never forgotten .
you 've forgotten about this day .
i guess peter consou should have been flying tonight .
that peter consolation should have been flying tonight .
i guess peter consolation should have been flying tonight .
you have to take peter consolation tonight .
let 's get to peter conjure have a flight tonight .
he should have gotten to the plane tonight .
he should have gotten to the plane tonight .
peter connoisly should have been flying tonight .
this is due for peter cons ' to fly tonight .
we 're gon na have a plane tonight .
i guess you 're joking .
that you 're joking ?
i 'm kidding .
you want to joke ?
do you joke ? no .
you must be joking .
you must be joking .
i 'm kidding .
that 's funny .
you 're kidding .
i guess his mood changes .
that his mood could change .
i think it could change his mood .
you make him feel better .
let him change his mood .
it could change his mood .
it could change his mood .
i mean , his mood changes .
this is possible to change his mood .
they 're changing his mood .
i mean , thunder 11 ... ... totally three targets .
that thunder 11 ... totally three targets three targets .
i mean , the thunder 11 ... ... completely three targets .
you have to go , three targets .
flash 11 . totally three targets .
he will be there by 11 , three targets .
he will be there by 11 , three targets .
thunderstorm 11 . totally three targets .
that 's 11 , totally three targets .
we 're talking about three targets . completely three .
i guess it could .
that they could do ?
i 'm sure it be done ?
they want to do this ?
do you think this ?
they could do it ?
they could do it ?
i 'm sure they could do it ?
this is possible ?
they 're doing this ?
i sleep . sleep time .
that time is asleep .
i 'm sleeping time .
you have to sleep .
go to sleep .
you 'll sleep sometime .
you 'll sleep sometime .
i 'm sleeping .
that 's asleep .
we 're sleeping .
i know my friends !
that my friends are here !
i have friends here !
they have my friends !
let me friends ! my friends !
they 'll be my friends !
they 'll be my friends !
i have friends here !
this is my friends !
we 've got my friends !
i guess it 's all right .
that everything is fine ?
i 'm all be here ?
you gon na be all right ?
do you mind there ?
you 'll be fine ?
you 'll be fine ?
i 'm fine . are you okay ?
this is all right ?
you 're gon na be all right ?
i guess it was n't helen 's .
that did n't worry helen .
i do n't care about helen .
you have to worry helen .
let 's not be afraid of helen .
it would have feared helen .
it would have feared helen .
helen 's not worried about that .
that 's no concern of helen .
you 've been worried about helen .
i guess he opens the gate , but no print ?
that he opens the gate , but does n't leave ?
i do n't opening the gate open gate , but does n't he leave any print ?
they open the gate , but do any print ?
open the gate open , but no print any print .
he 'll open the gate , but not even print .
he 'll open the gate , but not even print .
i mean , he opens the gate , but no print ?
this is open , but not even print ?
they 're gon na open the gate , but leaving any print ?
i command your majesty 's orders .
as your majesty commands .
i 'm your majesty 's orders !
you have to order your majesty .
let 's your majesty 's orders .
you must have orders from your majesty .
you must have orders from your majesty .
i beg your majesty 's orders .
that 's like your majesty 's orders .
you 've been ordering your majesty .
i know her complication .
that complication was foreseeable .
i suppose her complication was foreseeable .
they make her complication ' s foreseeable .
make her complication ' s foreseeable .
she could tell her complication .
she could tell her complication .
her complication 's predictable .
this is complication 's foreseeable .
they 're complication 's predictable .
i guess we 're talking about it .
so we 're gon na talk about this .
i 'm gon na talk about it , okay ?
we have to talk about it .
let 's talk about it .
we 'll talk about this way .
we 'll talk about this way .
i 'm gon na talk about it .
that 's okay to talk about it .
we 're talking about it .
i guess it 's our gym .
that it 's our gym .
i 'm our gym .
we have to go to the gym .
let 's go to the gym .
we 'll be our gym here .
we 'll be our gym here .
i mean , that 's here 's here .
that 's our gym .
we 're going to the gym .
i guess esk bit her and then she had a vision of sending herself home in shame .
that esk bit her lips and then saw that vision of being sent home in shame .
i guess she bit her lips and then she had a vision of shame .
they bite her lips , then see if she 's vision that she being sent home in shame .
let 's biting her lips and then she had a vision that she being sent home in shame .
she could bite her lips and see that she was sending herself home in shame .
she could bite her lips and see that she was sending herself home in shame .
esk 's got a bite of her lips and then she had a vision of sending herself home in shame .
that 's a little ashamed of her lips and then she had a vision of sending herself home in shame .
you 've got an esk 's lips , and then she has a vision of sending herself home in shame .
i guess the south park 's gon na take the perpetual shadow !
that south park is going to perpetual shadow .
i suppose south park will throw in perpetual shadows !
we want to throw south park to the perpetual shadow !
let 's go south park to the perpetual shadow .
we 'll throw south park to the perpetual shadow .
we 'll throw south park to the perpetual shadow .
south park 's gon na be a perpetual shadow .
this is likely to the south park .
we 're going to the south park to perpetual shadow .
i guess it 's not possible .
that does n't have a chance .
i guess it 's not possible .
we have to be sure .
let 's guess not .
it must be impossible .
it must be impossible .
i guess it 's not possible .
that 's impossible .
we 're guessing no chance .
i know jasmine 's only been able to pick before dawn .
that jasmine is that we know that jasmine was chosen before dawn .
i know jasmine 's only gon na pick up before dawn .
we know jasmine 's only gon na be chosen before dawn .
let 's know that jasmine 's only to be selected before dawn .
we 'll know jasmine 's only taken before dawn .
we 'll know jasmine 's only taken before dawn .
i know jasmine 's got to be chosen before dawn .
this is true jasmine will only be chosen before dawn .
we 've known jasmine is that we can just before dawn .
i write my memoirs to consider me .
that my memoirs wrote about my reconsideration .
i wrote my memoirs to have been given to you .
you write me a memoirs that 's my point .
write me write my memoirs to be my reconsideration .
you 'd write my memoirs to me .
you 'd write my memoirs to me .
i wrote my memoirs to consider me .
this is true to write my memoirs .
you 've written my memoirs to me .
i guess it 's not like a vague rumor , like the aliens in hangar 18 .
that does n't mean anything more than any more vague rumor like the aliens in hangar 18 .
i do n't want to say more vague gossip than those who have aliens in hangar 18 ?
they do n't do anything more than a vague rumor , like the aliens in hangar 18 .
let 's not do anything more than any other vague rumor like aliens in hangar 18 .
it will be no more than a vague rumor , as aliens from hangar 18 .
it will be no more than a vague rumor , as aliens from hangar 18 .
i 'm gon na do anything more than other vague rumor , like aliens from hangar 18 .
this is nothing more than a vague rumor , like the aliens in hangar 18 .
they 're making no more than one other than one vague rumor like aliens in hangar 18 .
i care where vorbis were going to do anything , and when he 'd done last night .
although vorbis do n't matter where he 'd done when he 'd done what he 'd been willing to do last night .
i don ' t matter where vorbis were going to be doing what he wanted last night .
you have to stay with vorbis , even if he 'd been the one would have done yesterday .
let vorbis go anywhere , and when he was willing to do what he 's night .
he would be standing at vorbis , even if he 'd been at night .
he would be standing at vorbis , even if he 'd been at night .
i do 's got vorbis , wherever he was , while he 'd been willing to do what he wanted .
this is regardless of where vorbis were going to do before .
we 're standing by vorbis , where he 'd been , when he want to do yesterday .
i guess stilgar could not answer the question .
that question could not be answered .
stilgar found stilgar find that he could not answer .
you find stilgar unable to answer the question .
stilgar thought he could not answer the question .
he could not answer the question .
he could not answer the question .
stilgar himself could not answer the question .
this is impossible to answer stilgar .
we have found that stilgar could not answer the question .
i guess it was weird today .
that 'd be a day .
i know this is a weird day .
you find it weird today .
let 's go weird ?
it must have been a weird .
it must have been a weird .
i mean , this is a strange day .
this is weird .
you 've had an odd day .
i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
if i found mrs santa claus .
i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
you want me to stay santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
let me not going to santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
you 'll be santa if i do n't find mrs santa anymore .
you 'll be santa if i do n't find mrs santa anymore .
carol , i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa .
this is impossible to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
we 're going to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i 'm ok , scooby-doo ?
that you 're all right , scooby-doo ?
i 'm fine , scooby-doo ?
you gon na be all right ?
do you mind , scooby-doo ?
you 'll be fine , scooby-doo .
you 'll be fine , scooby-doo .
i 'm fine , scooby-doo .
that 's good , scooby-doo .
you 're gon na be all right , scooby-doo ?
i guess it 's a great leaderboard sunday .
that sunday we have an amazing leaderboard .
i have a great leaderboard this sunday .
we have an amazing leaderboard this sunday .
let 's have an amazing leaderboard on sunday .
we 'll have an amazing leaderboard sunday .
we 'll have an amazing leaderboard sunday .
i have an amazing leaderboard on sunday .
this is great leaderboard sunday .
we 've got a great leaderboard on sunday .
i guess the ambassador did n't need the commander .
that ambassador did n't want to be the commander .
i did n't have to be the ambassador .
we need to be the ambassador to the commander .
ambassador 's not required to be commander .
we must have had no gift for the ambassador .
we must have had no gift for the ambassador .
ambassador 's got 's got any plans for commander .
this is unnecessary for the ambassador .
we 've got no gift to the ambassador for commander .
i prefer being dead .
that i prefer death .
i prefer being dead .
you prefer being dead .
let me die .
it would be better if i died .
it would be better if i died .
i prefer being dead .
that 's better than dead .
we 're gon na die .
i guess what monster could have done .
that monster could do that ?
i mean what monster could do ?
you want to do the monster did ?
do you know what monster could do ?
you could have done that monster ?
you could have done that monster ?
what a monster could do that monster do ?
that 's what the monster could do ?
you 're gon na do this monster did ?
i guess we killed telegrapher .
that we killed telegrapher .
i killed the telegrapher .
we kill telegrapher .
let 's kill telegrapher .
we 'll kill telegrapher .
we 'll kill telegrapher .
i mean , we murdered .
that 's telegrapher dead .
we 're killing telegrapher .
i guess the unit 's found in all the processors because they do math .
that unit is found in all processors , because they do math .
i know that the unit is found in all the processors because they do math ?
they find this unit in all the processors because they do math .
let 's find the unit in all the processors because they do math .
you can find this unit in all the processors because they do math .
you can find this unit in all the processors because they do math .
i mean , this unit 's found in all the processors because they do math .
this is found in all the processors because they do math .
they 're found in all the processors because they do math .
i guess the wounds that are easy to heal , but emotional scars do n't easy to be easy .
that injury to heal easily healed , but emotional scars are not so easily .
i guess the wounds can be healed easily healed , but emotional scars are not so easy to escape .
you have to heal wounds easily , but emotional scars do n't get away so easily .
let 's get wounds easy , but emotional scars do n't get away so easily .
he can heal wounds easily , but emotional scars are not so easily removed .
he can heal wounds easily , but emotional scars are not so easily removed .
i guess can easily heal wounds , but emotional scars do n't so easily .
that 's easy to heal wounds , but emotional scars do n't get away so easily .
you 're going to be able to heal , but emotional scars do n't easy to get away from .
i mean , uh , this mental health talk .
that we 're talking about mental health today .
i mean , uh , uh , talk today .
we have to talk about mental health .
let 's talk about mental health .
we 'll talk about mental health .
we 'll talk about mental health .
i mean , uh , talking about mental health .
this is due to mental health .
we 're talking about mental health .
i guess he 'll be back tonight .
that evening will be his time for return .
i 'll have his time for the night back .
we have to go back tonight .
let 's go back tonight .
he 'll have time for his return tonight .
he 'll have time for his return tonight .
i ' il be back tonight .
this is his time for returning tonight .
we 're gon na have time tonight .
i know how beautiful it is .
like it 's beautiful .
i know how beautiful it is .
they seem to be beautiful .
let 's look beautiful .
they can be beautiful .
they can be beautiful .
i mean , how beautiful it is .
that 's so beautiful .
they 're being beautiful .
i know a lot of people had doubts about these investments .
that investment was a lot of doubts about .
i know that many people who have doubts about these investments .
we have to doubt a lot of doubts about these investments .
let 's see that many people have doubts about these investments .
they could have doubts about the investment .
they could have doubts about the investment .
i have many people in these investments .
this is very important for many people to invest .
we 've had a lot of doubts about these investments .
i guess we 'll forget .
that 'll forget about to you .
i 'll forget about to forget that .
we gon na forget that .
let 's forget that .
we 'll forget that .
we 'll forget that .
i 'll forget about to .
this is forgotten .
we 're gon na forget this .
i know . chopper 's here .
that chopper is here .
i know the chopper is here .
we have a chopper .
let 's go chopper .
he 'll have a chopper .
he 'll have a chopper .
i mean , chopper 's here .
this is fucking chopper .
we 've got a chopper .
i guess the flavors are complement each other people .
that all the flavors are complement each other ... ... very good .
i do n't really well with flavors .
they make all the flavors complement each other .
let 's finish the flavors together .
it will be very good for everyone else .
it will be very good for everyone else .
i mean , all the flavors complement one another .
this is very good for all flavors .
we 're completing all the flavors ... very good .
i hate to wipe the dust off the adjunct walked north of north .
after she wiped out its gloves out of adjunct went north .
i 'm gon na go north after the way through its gloves to the north .
they want to wipe the dust out of her gloves and the adjunct to the north rim .
let 's go north of the north marshes it wiped out gloves .
he could see the dust off the gloves and the adjunct on the north .
he could see the dust off the gloves and the adjunct on the north .
adjunct her gloves to the adjunct after she wiped out the gloves .
this is due to rubbed dust from its gloves , the adjunct walked north .
they have wiped out the adjunct of the metal gloves after they wiped out north .
i hate to escape 's not a possibility , `` appia snapped .
that escape was no possibility of any choice , ` said appia .
i did n't have a chance to escape , `` appia .
we have no choice of escape , '' appia snapped .
let 's not get away from us , ` said appia .
we could have escaped , ` said appia .
we could have escaped , ` said appia .
i did n't have a chance to escape , ` said appia .
that 's impossible to escape , '' appia snapped .
we have escaped no choice , ` said appia .
i guess . calm down .
that 'll calm down .
i 'm calm down .
you take it easy .
take it easy .
you can calm down .
you can calm down .
i 'm calm down .
that 's easy .
you 're gon na calm down .
i hate you , buddy , because you never find your little dick .
because you 're not worried about anything to worry about , buddy .
i do n't worry about anything , man , because you never be found .
you have to worry about it , buddy , because your little dick never finds your dick .
do n't worry about it , buddy , because your little dick .
you should be worried about anything , my dick , because he never finds his little dick .
you should be worried about anything , my dick , because he never finds his little dick .
i 'm not worried about anything , man , because your little dick wo n't find anything .
that 's nothing to be afraid of , man , because you never find your dick .
you 're gon na be worried , buddy , because your little dick .
i ca n't work !
that ca n't work !
i ca n't work !
you have to work !
stop working !
it ca n't work !
it ca n't work !
i ca n't work !
this is impossible !
we 're going to work !
i mean , you a dollar bills .
that you brought the dollar bills ?
i have your bills ?
you want to bring the dollar bills ?
bring me the bills .
you 'll bring the bills ?
you 'll bring the bills ?
i 'm bringing you a dollar bills .
that 's worth your bills ?
you 've brought the dollar bills .
i ca n't connect to the property pages of property because of % s .
because you could not connect to the location for % s .
i ca n't connect to property pages of properties because % s % s .
you fail to connect to property pages of properties because % s % s .
unable to connect to property pages because of % s are unable to be found .
you can be connected to the location of % s .
you can be connected to the location of % s .
i ca n't connect to property pages of property because of % s .
this is unable to connect to the property pages because of % s is unable to be found .
you have failed to connect to property pages of properties .
i mean , did anyone see anything .
that somebody saw anything ?
i saw anything ?
you see anything ?
have you seen anything ?
you could see anything ?
you could see anything ?
i mean , did anyone see anything ?
that 's anything to see ?
you 've seen anything ?
i guess there 's plenty of work .
that there 's plenty of work tomorrow .
i 'm not have much work to do tomorrow .
we have to do a lot tomorrow .
let 's do some work tomorrow .
it will be working here tomorrow .
it will be working here tomorrow .
i 'm not working for tomorrow .
that 's very good for tomorrow .
we 've got a lot of work to do tomorrow .
i guess that 's cute .
like it 's cute ?
i mean , how cute is ?
you want to be cute ?
do you think that 's cute .
you could be cute .
you could be cute .
i mean , how cute is ?
that 's so cute .
you 're being cute ?
i 'm gon na ignore .
that i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
you have to ignore what you 're saying .
let me ignore what you 're saying .
you 'll ignore what you 're saying .
you 'll ignore what you 're saying .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
that 's what i 'm gon na ignore .
you 're gon na ignore what you 're saying .
i know the muslims killed .
that muslims have killed .
i know the muslim killed .
they kill muslims to kill .
let 's kill muslims .
they would kill muslims .
they would kill muslims .
muslim 's been murdered muslims .
that 's true . muslims to kill muslims .
they 've killed muslims .
i guess he 'll work or die .
that must be operated or died .
i need him to operate or die .
we have to operate or die .
have to operate or die .
he must be operated or killed .
he must be operated or killed .
i need him to operate or die .
this is necessary to operate or die .
we 're supposed to operate or die .
i guess the turk 's gon na fall on the trap .
that turk has fallen into the trap ?
i know the turk has a trap ?
you mean the turk ?
do you think the turk for traps ?
he must have fallen into the trap ?
he must have fallen into the trap ?
turk 's fallen on the trap ?
this is wrong with the trap ?
you 're going to the trap ?
i guess your description .
that you have a description ?
i 'm description ?
you want to description ?
do you have a description ?
you 'll find a description ?
you 'll find a description ?
i 'll be able to describe ?
that 's description ?
you 've got a description ?
i 'm kidding .
that you are joking ?
i 'm kidding ?
you have to joke .
do you joke ?
you must be joking .
you must be joking .
i 'm joking .
that 's fucking funny .
you are joking .
i guess it 's hard .
that 'll be hard .
i guess it 's hard .
you have to be tough .
let 's be hard .
it 'll be hard .
it 'll be hard .
i 'm gon na be hard .
that 's hard .
we 're gon na be hard .
i see that guy after your brother died .
because you saw him after your brother died ?
i saw that guy after he killed your brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother .
you see this guy after his brother died ?
have you ever see that guy since your brother died ?
you could see him since your brother died ?
you could see him since your brother died ?
i mean you saw him killed your brother .
that 's true you saw him after his brother died ?
you 've seen him since your brother died ?
i guess he 'd throw money and throw money out money and feel strong .
that he could have a strong feeling like he was going to be .
i threw money around was the only way he felt strong .
they want to throw money around was the only to feel strong .
throw money around the money around was the only way he felt strong .
he could have felt strong enough to throw money around .
he could have felt strong enough to throw money around .
i ' m giving him throwing money 's only a way to feel strong .
that 's just as strong as throwing money .
they 've thrown money around him , which he 's feeling strong .
i guess we 'll be climbing the mountain and making houses .
that mountain would be climbing and making house ?
i would have climbed the mountain and built a house ?
we gon na climb the mountain and make houses ?
let 's go to the mountain to the mountain house .
we would have climbed a mountain and making houses .
we would have climbed a mountain and making houses .
i 'm gon na climb the mountain and get home .
this is possible to climb mountain and build house ?
we 're going to climb the house ?
i guess you 'll save your presentation before you have been recorded or started or started or broadcast .
that presentation must be saved before you are recorded or start the broadcast .
i need to save your presentation before you start your records or start the broadcast .
you have to save the presentation before you have a record or a broadcast .
save the presentation to be saved before you are recorded , schedule or broadcast .
you must save the presentation before you are recorded , schedule or start the broadcast .
you must save the presentation before you are recorded , schedule or start the broadcast .
i need to save the presentation before you have records , schedule or start the broadcast .
this is necessary to save the presentation before you are recorded or start the broadcast .
we 're supposed to save this presentation before you have a record or a broadcast .
i guess we wan na talk to your dad .
that we wan na talk to your dad .
i 'm gon na talk with your dad ?
we wan na talk to your dad .
let 's talk to your dad .
we 'll talk to your dad .
we 'll talk to your dad .
i wan na talk to your dad .
that 's what we wan na talk about with your dad .
we 're talking to your dad .
i need to further strengthen agency capacity .
that we must further strengthen the agency must be reinforced further .
i need to strengthen the capacity of the agency .
we need to increase the capacity of the agency further .
let 's further strengthen the capacity for the agency .
we must increase the capacity of the agency further .
we must increase the capacity of the agency further .
i need to further strengthen the capacity of the agency .
this is necessary to increase the capacity of the agency .
we are needed to strengthen the capacity of the agency .
i don ' t expressly enable this deadline to prolonged .
that decision does not expressly allowed for a prolongation .
i don ' m expressly enable this deadline to be prolondated .
they fail to expressly enable the decisions to be prolongation .
fail to expressly enable this deadline to be prolondated .
it shall be expressly permitted decision to prolongate this deadline .
it shall be expressly permitted decision to prolongate this deadline .
i do not expressly enable the decision to prolongation of this period .
this is expressly impossible to make decisions on the period of action .
they are forbidden to make a decision to prolongation this period .
i look like a young man .
that handsome young man looks good .
i 'm a handsome young man .
you make young man handsome .
let 's young man look good .
you can look at the young man .
you can look at the young man .
what a handsome young man .
that 's really young .
you 're looking at the young man .
i hate him for the last few minutes . . . . . . . . . . . .
that his last minute to hate and he hated everyone else .
i saw his final minutes of hate , raging for humanity .
they want to hate him for the last time of hatred , in the people .
have you seen his last minutes with hatred , raging for humanity .
he could see the hatred for the last time , with all humans .
he could see the hatred for the last time , with all humans .
i saw his last minutes of hate and raging for humanity .
this is true for the last minutes of hate and all humans .
they 've seen him for the last minutes , with hate of humanity .
i guess they run out of fear of st clare 's vision .
that they are running out of fear of st. clara 's vision .
i 'm not afraid of st clara vision .
they seem to be running out of fear of st clara 's vision .
let them run out of the vision of 's vision .
they will escape from fear of the visions of st. clare .
they will escape from fear of the visions of st. clare .
i 'm not to run away from fear of st clara 's vision .
this is out of fear of st clare 's vision .
they 're running out of fear of the visions of st. clare .
i guess nobody 's gon na get hurt .
if you 're lucky . nobody 's lucky .
i 'm lucky nobody 's gon na get hurt .
we 're lucky nobody 's gon na get hurt .
let 's get lucky nobody gets lucky .
we 'll hurt nobody .
we 'll hurt nobody .
i 'm lucky nobody 's gon na get hurt .
that 's lucky nobody gets hurt .
we 're gon na hurt nobody .
i guess the military 's great effort .
that we have a great military effort .
i mean , a great military effort .
we have to do a great military effort .
let 's make a great military effort .
we will be a great military effort .
we will be a great military effort .
i mean , the military efforts of us .
that 's very military to be made by us .
we 're making great military efforts .
i call it elen 's song .
that song of elen is waiting for .
i call it called elen 's song .
they call him elen 's song .
call it elen 's song . call . call . call . call .
he 'll call elen 's song .
he 'll call elen 's song .
elen 's been calling her a song .
this is familiar with the song .
they 're calling elen 's song .
i just went to the damn trap .
that we 're going to a fucking trap !
i 'm just going to the fucking trap !
we have to go to a trap !
let 's go to the damn trap !
we 'll go to the damn trap .
we 'll go to the damn trap .
i 'm just going to the fucking trap !
this is fucking traps !
we 're going to the damn trap !
i plan to make a movie .
that i have a film .
i have a movie plan .
we have to plan the film .
let 's film plans .
we 'll have a film plan .
we 'll have a film plan .
i have a film .
this is true of the film .
we 're planning a movie .
i just have a problem in ten minutes .
because i have ten minutes have a similar .
i have a problem in the last ten minutes .
we have to go through ten minutes .
let me have one thing like this last ten minutes .
we 'll take me ten minutes .
we 'll take me ten minutes .
i 've been in the same thing in the last ten minutes .
that 's ten minutes old .
we 've had a question in the last ten minutes .
i prefer the theory of the twoor 3-phase cycle is always my preferences .
because the theory of twoor 3-phase of life is still my preference .
i prefer a theory of the twodd-or or 3-phase life cycle .
we prefer to tell the theory about twoor 3-phase life cycle .
bay 's theory about twoor three-stage cycle is still my preference .
it would prefer the theory of a twoor three-stage cycle .
it would prefer the theory of a twoor three-stage cycle .
bay 's theory about twoor 3-phase of life is still my preference .
this is true about the twothian -- or a three-stage cycle .
we 've got a theory about twoor three-stage cycle .
i guess your help .
that you helped us ?
i told us to help ?
you want to help ?
help us ! help . help .
you 'll help us .
you 'll help us .
i 'm gon na help you ?
that 's helpful ?
you 're gon na help ?
i know . but technology 's improving .
that technology has been improved .
i know , but technology 's improved .
we have to improve technology .
let 's improve technology .
we can improve technology .
we can improve technology .
technology 's been improved .
this is highly improved technology .
we 're improving technology .
i guess he 's not gon na believe he 's getting married in front of me .
that he 's not gon na get a shershow wedding .
i 'm not sure he 's getting married before i did .
you have to believe he married the shershow before me .
let 's not believe he 's gon na get married before .
he must be married before i 'm married .
he must be married before i 'm married .
i guess he 's not gon na get a shershow marriage .
that 's incredible he 's getting married in front of me .
you 're gon na get the shershow wedding before me .
i wish you were gon na run away when you bite the dog .
if you bite the dog and you 're gon na run .
i mean , if you bite the dog if you 've been executed .
you bite you bitten by a dog .
bite your dog bite you to run .
you 'll be executed if you bite the dog .
you 'll be executed if you bite the dog .
i mean , if you bite the dog you 'd be executed .
that 's true if you bite the dog .
you 're gon na be executed if you bite the dog .
i know , we have many high-quality requirements .
that we have established many quality requirements .
i have set up many quality requirements .
we have to set up some quality requirements .
let 's put on many high-quality requirements .
we must have set out many quality requirements .
we must have set out many quality requirements .
i have established many quality requirements .
this is subject to many high-quality requirement .
we have established many quality requirements .
i guess brock 's lips moved out of his sound .
that brock 's lips moved out of his sound .
i know 's lips moved his lips without a sound .
they let brock 's lips move out of no sound .
let 's move out of his lips coming out .
he could move his lips without a 's sound .
he could move his lips without a 's sound .
brock 's lips moved out of the sound .
this is out of brock 's lips without a sound coming out .
they 've moved out of brock 's lips without a sound .
i guess i 'll never call your wife a bitch .
that i 'm not gon na call your wife a bitch .
i 'm not gon na call your wife a bitch .
you want me to call your wife a bitch .
let me never call your wife a bitch .
you 'll call your wife a bitch .
you 'll call your wife a bitch .
i 'm not gon na call your wife a bitch .
that 's what i 'm not gon na call your wife a bitch .
you 're gon na call your wife a bitch .
i guess there 's a ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor .
that ship might resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
i know , uh , who would resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
you want to resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
do you know , the ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
he could resist the shock of his underwater monitor .
he could resist the shock of his underwater monitor .
i mean , a ship that would resist the shock of his underwater monitor .
this is possible to resist the shock of his underwater monitor .
you 've got a ship that might resist the shock of his underwater monitor .
i wish you luck were lucky .
if you 're gon na prove right .
i 'm lucky you 're lucky we 're right .
you have to prove yourself lucky .
let 's get lucky .
you 'll be lucky to be lucky .
you 'll be lucky to be lucky .
i 'm gon na prove lucky .
that 's lucky you 're right .
you 're gon na be lucky .
i guess the sounds like bad shrivel and terrible memories .
that sounds made up to horrible shrivel .
i guess the sounds of terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
they make it sound like bad shribles and terrible memories .
let 's hear the terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
they can sound like a terrible scream and terrible resignation .
they can sound like a terrible scream and terrible resignation .
i 'm making a lot of terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
this is terrible to sound and terrible .
they 're making the sound of terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
i mean , our terrible journalist awake ?
that our terrible reporter woke up ?
i 'm afraid our terrible reporter has n't wake up ?
we have to have a scary journalist ?
have we been afraid of a reporter ?
we must have been afraid of a reporter ?
we must have been afraid of a reporter ?
i 'm afraid of course , the reporter 's awake ?
that 's terrible for us to wake up reporter ?
we 've been afraid of a reporter ?
i guess it 's negotiations .
that solutions may be made at negotiations .
i guess the solution 's negotiations .
you seem to be dealing with negotiations .
let 's negotiate with you .
we may be able to negotiate .
we may be able to negotiate .
i guess the solution is negotiations .
this is possible to negotiate .
we 're talking about negotiations .
i know how uncomfortable .
like you 're uncomfortable .
i do you as annoying ?
you seem to be uncomfortable .
let 's be uncomfortable !
you can be uncomfortable .
you can be uncomfortable .
i mean , uh , annoying !
that 's so annoying .
you 're being uncomfortable .
i guess you 're not joking .
that you 're not joking .
i 'm not joking .
you 're not joking .
have you joking !
you must be a joke .
you must be a joke .
i 'm not joking .
that 's no joke .
you 're joking .
i guess there 's no good cd in the car .
that we do n't steal any good cds .
i do n't have any good cd in the car .
we have to steal any of a cd from the car .
let 's steal the car .
we 'll steal the car .
we 'll steal the car .
i do n't have any good cd in the car .
this is impossible to steal a car .
we 're gon na be stealing the car .
i feel so bad for her .
that she made me very terrible .
i felt terrible for her .
you make me feel terrible .
let me feel terrible for her .
she could feel terrible .
she could feel terrible .
i felt terrible for her .
this is terrible for me .
we 've felt terrible for me .
i never saw the movie ?
that film has n't seen the jaws of y'all ?
i 've ever seen the film ?
you see the same jaws of the film ?
have you ever seen a bite or a movie ?
you 'd see the jaws , the film .
you 'd see the jaws , the film .
i 've never seen a bite , a movie ?
this is true , the film ?
you 've seen the jaws , film ?
i know 's advanced and raise the blade .
that morak has advanced and raised his sword .
morak advanced and raised his sword .
we need to raise morak 's blade .
let 's raise the blade .
he could raise his sword .
he could raise his sword .
morak 's advanced , raising his sword .
this is more advanced , raising the blade .
we 're raising morak 's blade .
i guess it 's gon na be notified at banquet .
that he 's gon na have him at banquet .
i 'm gon na tell him about banquet tomorrow .
you have to make a banquet tomorrow .
let 's tell him tomorrow at the banquet .
he 'll be notified tomorrow at the banquet tomorrow .
he 'll be notified tomorrow at the banquet tomorrow .
i 'm gon na tell him about banquet tomorrow .
this is due to the notice of tomorrow at the banquet .
we 're gon na tell him tomorrow at the banquet .
i watch the film .
that movie was beautiful .
i watched the movie .
you have to watch the film .
let 's movie be beautiful .
he could watch the film .
he could watch the film .
i watched the film .
this is beautiful in the film .
you 've been watching the film .
i just found it unexpected for theremma that peter would have thought about such a thing .
that peter would have thought about such a little unexpected .
i was unexpected , but peter would have thought about such a thing .
you find it unexpected for theremma to think about such a little thing .
let 's get this unexpected thing peter thought about something like this .
it would be unexpected for therele that peter to think about anything like this .
it would be unexpected for therele that peter to think about anything like this .
i was 's unexpected to think about that thing peter thought about .
this is unexpected for theremma that peter would have thought about such a thing .
we 've been surprised that peter would have thought about such a thing .
i like you coming .
that glad you came .
i am so much happy to come ?
you make me happy to come .
let me be happy you .
you 'll be happy to come .
you 'll be happy to come .
i am so glad you came .
that 's very nice to have you come .
you 've been happy to come .
i guess 57 seconds .
that 'll take 57 seconds .
i 'm going to be 57 seconds .
we have 57 seconds .
let 's go for 57 seconds .
we 'll be here in 57 seconds .
we 'll be here in 57 seconds .
57 seconds to go .
that 's 57 seconds .
we 've got 57 seconds .
i guess no one 's gon na say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
that guy ca n't say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
i ca n't say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
you know no one 's gon na say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
let 's hear no one say anything when he was staring at him .
he could say no one day he looked at his friend .
he could say no one day he looked at his friend .
i ca n't say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
no is able to say anything when he 's staring at his friend 's .
we 've got no word to say when he 's staring at his friend .
i know her secrets are what federal scientists work for hours .
that secret is what federal scientists work for hours .
i do n't know what federal scientists work for hours for hours .
they have to hide their secrets , as a federal scientist works at the hour .
let 's get a secret about federal scientists work for hours .
he can be a secret that federal scientists of science works at an hour .
he can be a secret that federal scientists of science works at an hour .
its secrets are what federal scientist 's been working for hours for hours .
that 's what federal scientist federal scientists work for hours .
they 've got a secret that federal scientist 's working hours for a probe .
i guess it 's out of alcohol .
that comes from alcohol and that alcohol is alcohol .
i 'm not out of alcohol , uh , that 's why .
we are to be out of alcohol .
let 's go out of alcohol .
we will be out of alcohol and why .
we will be out of alcohol and why .
i 'm not out of alcohol and that 's why .
this is why we are out of alcohol .
we 've been out of this is a reason .
i know that 's not your responsibility for giving her son .
that does n't mean you have a responsibility to feed her son .
i do n't know your duties to feed her son .
you have to be responsible for the breast-fed son .
let 's not take your duties to breathats his son .
you can be responsible for the breathless feed of your son .
you can be responsible for the breathless feed of your son .
sofia 's got no responsibility for feeding her son .
that 's no good for your son to feed her son .
you 're responsible for giving her son a breathless feed .
i guess it 's coffee .
that coffee is coming up for us for us for us for us for us for us for us for us for coffee .
i 'm gon na get some coffee .
we have to get some coffee .
let 's get some coffee .
we 'll get some coffee .
we 'll get some coffee .
i 'm gon na get some coffee .
that 's ready for coffee .
we are going to get some coffee .
i guess the fool 's going to make me rich .
that fool is going to make me rich .
i 'm going to be rich , but this crazy fool .
you make me rich , but that stupid fool .
let 's get rich , though .
you 'll make me rich , but the fool .
you 'll make me rich , but the fool .
i 'm going to be rich , though .
that 's funny to make me rich .
you 're going to make me rich .
i do n't do anything right .
that i 'm not do anything right .
i do n't do anything right .
we do n't do nothing right .
let me do nothing .
we 'll do nothing i do .
we 'll do nothing i do .
i 'm not doing anything right .
that 's nothing i do right .
we 're doing nothing .
i know how exciting it 's .
like it 's really exciting .
i know how exciting it is .
you make it so exciting .
let 's see how exciting this is .
it would be so exciting .
it would be so exciting .
i mean , how exciting it is .
that 's so exciting .
you 're being so much exciting .
i don ' t worry about this stuff .
that stuff is not to worry about .
i don ' t worried about this stuff .
you have to worry about this stuff like that .
stop worrying about this stuff .
you 'll be worried about this stuff .
you 'll be worried about this stuff .
i 'm not worried about this stuff .
that 's nothing to worry about .
you 're worried about this stuff .
i guess we 'll have a wonderful ceremony .
that the ceremony is going to us a lovely ceremony .
i 'm going to have a wonderful ceremony .
we have to have a wonderful ceremony .
let 's have a wonderful ceremony .
we 'll have a wonderful ceremony .
we 'll have a wonderful ceremony .
i 'm going to have a wonderful ceremony .
this is really nice .
we 're going to have a wonderful ceremony .
i guess a couple of heads stuck in the door and around the corner .
that door was a couple of heads around the door and the corner .
i saw a couple of heads hanging out the corner .
they have several heads from the door and the corner .
let 's see that some heads were stuck through the door and around the corner .
he could see a couple of heads from the door and the corner .
he could see a couple of heads from the door and the corner .
i saw a couple of heads around the corner .
this is full of head , which stretched out of the door and the corner .
we 've got a couple of heads hanging out the door and the corner .
i guess the printer was calibrated .
that printer was calibrated .
i know the printer was calibating .
they make the printer calibrates .
let 's calibrate .
they 'll calibrate the printer .
they 'll calibrate the printer .
printer 's got a calibrated print .
that 's calibrated with the printer .
they 've calibrated the printer .
i guess it 's impossible for people to be family .
that people ca n't be family .
i ca n't be a family .
you seem to be not a family .
let 's get family impossible .
you can be impossible for people to be family .
you can be impossible for people to be family .
i mean , people are family .
that 's impossible for people to be family .
we 're going to be family .
i guess it 's anyone .
that he might be anyone .
i guess it anyone ?
we have to be anyone .
let 's be anyone .
he can be anyone .
he can be anyone .
i 'll be anyone .
that 's possible .
they 're gon na be anyone .
i wish your rod and your employees were comfortable .
that rod and your staff is comfortable with me .
i 'm comfortable with your rod and your employees .
you make me comfortable with your staff .
let 's rod and your employees .
you will be comfortable rod and your staff .
you will be comfortable rod and your staff .
your rod and your staff , i 'm comfortable .
that 's comfortable with your rod and your employees .
you 're gon na rod and your employees .
i know dylan wrote lynching after the circus .
that dylan wrote lynching after the circus .
dylan wrote dylan 's writing after the circus .
you have to write dylan after the circus lynch .
dylan 's writing about lynching after the circus .
he 'd written dylan about lynching the circus .
he 'd written dylan about lynching the circus .
dylan 's written about to lynching after the circus .
this is dylan 's wrote about lynch after the circus .
you 've written dylan about lynching after the circus .
i know that property belongs in private .
that property belongs in private !
i do n't the real estate belongs in private !
we have to own property in private .
let 's own the property in private .
it will be in private !
it will be in private !
i 'm in private !
that 's private !
they 're owned by a private property !
i guess i wan na kick your butt .
if i 'm gon na blow up your butt ?
i 'm gon na kick your ass ?
you wan na blow up the towel in your butt ?
do you wan na get a couple of your ass ?
you 'd like me on your butt kicked in the towel ?
you 'd like me on your butt kicked in the towel ?
i 'm gon na kick your ass .
that 's good for my butt ?
you 're gon na make a towel in your butt ?
i wish i could travel .
if i 'd like to travel .
i want me to travel ?
you want me to travel .
let me travel .
we 'd like me .
we 'd like me .
i wish i could travel .
that 's nice to travel .
we 're going travel .
i guess this is s.r.p. ex-member 's coming tomorrow .
that s.r.p.ex-member will be here tomorrow .
i 'll be here tomorrow 's s.r.p.r.p.ex-member tomorrow .
you have to go to s.r.p.r.p.ex-member .
let 's go to be here tomorrow .
he 'll be here tomorrow .
he 'll be here tomorrow .
s.r.p . 's gon na be here tomorrow .
this is s.r.p.ex will be here tomorrow .
you 're gon na be here tomorrow . ex-member 's coming .
i wish you 'll owe me $ 100 if i got my car .
if i 'm gon na have $ 100 .
i 'm gon na have 100 bucks if i clean my car ?
you have to owe me $ 100 if i clean my car .
get me $ 100 if i clean your car .
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
i mean , you 're gon na get 100 bucks for cleaning my car .
that 's worth $ 100 if i clean my car .
you 're gon na owe me $ 100 if i clean my car .
i guess she 's missing only one defect .
that she did n't have only one defect .
i do n't have a single defect .
you have to miss one defect , perfect .
do you only a single defect .
she could be missing only one defect .
she could be missing only one defect .
i do n't have a single defect .
that 's totally unfair .
you 're missing only one defect .
i know that 's a hefty locks .
that every door is secure by the hefty lock .
i mean , uh , secure a hefty lock .
we have to secure a hefty lock every door .
let 's secure a hefty lock every door .
we 'll secure a hefty locked doors all sides .
we 'll secure a hefty locked doors all sides .
i mean , every door 's secure with a hefty lock .
this is secure by a hefty locked doors .
we 're secure with a hefty lock every door .
i guess your best chance to find them before they skip the city .
that we have a chance to find them before they skip the city .
i 'm the best chance to find them before they skip the city .
you have to find them better than they skip the city .
let 's find the men 's best than they can find before they skip town .
we can find them better than you can find the city .
we can find them better than you can find the city .
i 'm the chance to find them before they 're the city before he leaves town .
that 's more likely to be found them than they skip the city .
we 're gon na have a man 's chance to leave town .
i mean , they have cargo loaded with radiation materials .
that truck is loaded with radiation .
i mean , their trucks are loaded with radiation materials .
they have to load all loaded trucks .
let 's get their trucks loaded with radiation .
they can be loaded with the radiation trucks .
they can be loaded with the radiation trucks .
i mean , their trucks are loaded with radiation .
this is loaded with radiation materials .
they 've got cargo with the radiation .
i call it was called mclennen-forster project to the military .
that project for the army of non-killing weapons was called mclennen-forster .
i have been called mclennen-forster project to lead weapons .
they call the leading project to an army of non-killing weapons .
let 's call a project to the military to kill the weapons from mclennen-forster .
we could call mclennen-forster 's military project .
we could call mclennen-forster 's military project .
i have been mclennen-forster 's military project .
this is mclennen-forster project to the army of non-killing weapons .
they have been calling the mclennen-forster to the military .
i guess it 's just the same .
that state is precisely the same .
i know the same thing .
we have to be the same .
let 's say that 's state the same .
it will be the same state .
it will be the same state .
i mean , just like that .
that 's quite similar .
we 're doing the same state .
i guess the man should have died .
that guy should n't have died .
i guess the man should n't have died .
you have to die .
let 's not die .
he should have died .
he should have died .
i mean , that guy should n't have died .
that 's impossible to die .
you 've had no one should have died .
i need to pay for geographical indications of geographical evidence of production techniques more than before .
that priority should be given to geographical evidence and differences in production techniques rather than before .
i need to pay much attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing techniques than before .
you need to pay much attention to geographical evidence and a difference in production techniques , in the past .
make it to be more attention to geographical indications of geographical evidence of production techniques than before .
it must be paid much more attention to geographical evidence and differences in production techniques than before .
it must be paid much more attention to geographical evidence and differences in production techniques than before .
i need to pay much attention to geographical indications and differences in manufacturing techniques than before .
this is more important to pay for geographical evidence and a difference in production techniques than before .
we are needed to pay much attention to geographical indications and differences in production techniques than before .
i know how nice .
that you 're sweet .
i 'm so sweet .
you seem to be nice .
let 's say how nice you are .
you 'll be nice .
you 'll be nice .
i 'm so sweet .
that 's so sweet .
you 're being sweet .
i guess what he 's gon na hurt ?
that he 's gon na hurt ?
i 'm gon na do something ?
you gon na hurt him ?
do you want to hurt him ?
he 'll do what he 's gon na do ?
he 'll do what he 's gon na do ?
i 'm gon na do what hurts ?
that 's enough to do with him ?
you 're gon na hurt him ?
i guess your father asked me to do n't .
that you 're the one who asked my dad to do .
i 'm gon na take you to my dad asked me to do it .
you have to be the one my dad asked me .
take it my dad asked me to do it .
you 'll be the one that my dad asked me to do .
you 'll be the one that my dad asked me to do .
i 'm gon na take you to my dad 's my dad .
that 's what my dad asked me for .
you 're going to be the one that my dad asked me .
i guess you 're not talking .
that you 're not gon na talk .
i ca n't make you two talk .
you have to talk to you both .
let 's not make you two talk .
you can talk to you .
you can talk to you .
i ca n't make you two talk .
that 's impossible to talk to you two .
you 're talking about nothing to both of you .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
that i 'm a stupid blonde about this .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde about this .
you make me feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
let me feel like i 'm an idiot blonde .
you can be the impression that i was here .
you can be the impression that i was here .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
that 's weird to me that stupid blonde .
you 're feeling like i 'm a stupid blonde .
i wear beautiful clothes .
that beautiful dress you wear .
i wear beautiful clothes .
you have beautiful clothes .
let 's wear a beautiful dress .
you can wear beautiful clothes .
you can wear beautiful clothes .
i wear your beautiful dress .
that 's beautiful clothes .
you 're wearing beautiful clothes .
i guess they were against the entire regiment .
that they might have been against the full regiment .
i guess ten were against an entire regiment .
they seem to have been against the regiment .
let 's have ten of them on the regiment .
they may have been ten against an entire regiment .
they may have been ten against an entire regiment .
i mean , in the regiment .
that 's likely to be ten against the regiment .
they 've had ten against the regiment .
i guess it 's hydarn 's fault .
that hydarn 's fault !
i 'm at fault of hydarn did it !
you have to blame hydarn !
let 's fault hydarn !
it will be the fault of hydarn .
it will be the fault of hydarn .
hydarn ' t fault hydarn !
that 's bad for hydarn .
we 're being mistaken by hydarn .
i guess there 's a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization success .
that the moroc civilization has been successful in the eternal civilization .
i know there is a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization .
we need to be a permanent monumental advels the moroc civilization .
let 's see a permanent monunobtruths of the moroc .
it will be a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization .
it will be a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization .
i mean , a permanent memory of the success of moroc civilization .
this is permanent monument to the success of the moroc civilization .
we 've got a permanent monument to the moroc civilization .
i guess it 's a weird dream .
that dream was a little weird .
i have had a strange dream about her .
you have to dream about her .
let 's have a strange dream .
she could be a weird dreams .
she could be a weird dreams .
i have you had a weird dream .
that 's weird in her dream .
you 've had a strange dream .
i guess nobody 's gon na catch a doorman .
that door ca n't be caught , i guess .
i guess nobody 's gon na catch a doorman .
you have to catch the doorman napping up .
let 's think that nobody 's gon na catch the doorman .
you can catch a doorman napping , i guess .
you can catch a doorman napping , i guess .
i guess nobody 's gon na catch a doorman .
that 's impossible to catch a doorman napping .
we 're guessing nobody 's gon na catch a doorman .
i know my dad 's not surprised .
that my father does n't surprised .
i know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
you know my dad 's not surprised me .
let me know my dad , which is why i 'm not surprised .
it would be my father who will not to be surprised .
it would be my father who will not to be surprised .
i know my dad 's not surprised .
that 's why my dad does n't surprise me .
you 're gon na know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
i guess we wait for the sun 's gon na be 20 bucks .
that we were waiting for us waiting to wait for 20 bucks .
i wait until the sun comes out for $ 20 bucks .
we wait to wait for the sun to come out for $ 20 bucks .
let 's wait for the sun comes out for $ 20 bucks .
we 'll wait until the sun comes out there 's 20 bucks .
we 'll wait until the sun comes out there 's 20 bucks .
i 'm waiting for the sun to come up to 20 bucks .
this is good to wait for the sun to come out after 20 bucks .
we 've been waiting for the sun to come out after 20 bucks .
i hate him anymore .
that he 's not drugs anymore !
i do n't want any more drugs !
you have to stop the medication !
let 's taking drugs !
he 'll be no more drugs !
he 'll be no more drugs !
i do any more drugs !
this is no more drugs !
we 're taking drugs !
i guess what he 's got to dig a hole .
that he 's gon na dig a hole .
i 'm gon na do is dig the hole .
they have to dig the hole .
let 's dig the hole out .
he must dig the hole out .
he must dig the hole out .
i guess he 's gon na dig a hole .
that 's good for digging a hole .
they 're gon na dig the hole out .
i guess things do n't going to happen sometimes .
that does n't happen sometimes .
i guess things do things do n't plan .
you have to do something sometimes .
let 's go sometimes when something 's planned .
it will happen sometimes when things do n't planned .
it will happen sometimes when things do n't planned .
i do n't think things happen sometimes .
that 's sometimes things do n't work .
we 're going to do things sometimes .
i guess tom howard sides over him .
that tom howard sides around him .
i know tom howard sides around him .
you make tom howard sights .
tom howard sides around tom sics .
he 'll have tom howard sides .
he 'll have tom howard sides .
tom howard 's sics over him .
that 's tom howard sights .
we 're talking tom howard sides .
i never let myself .
that i 'm not gon na do .
i 'm not gon na let that happen .
we 're not do this to me .
let me not do this .
we will let me do it .
we will let me do it .
i 'm not gon na let that happen .
this is impossible for me to do this .
we 're gon na do this .
i guess it 's not the one of the mistakes .
that mistake was not garber .
i 'm not garber who made this mistake .
they 're no garber who made this mistake .
let 's not be garber who made this mistake .
it would be no garber who made a mistake .
it would be no garber who made a mistake .
garber 's not made a mistake .
that 's no garber who made this mistake .
they 've been no one mistake .
i know you 're solo .
that solo job alone .
i mean you 're working on you .
you have to work alone .
let 's have a solo .
you 'll be on your solo job .
you 'll be on your solo job .
i mean you alone .
that 's solo for you .
you 're working alone .
i know it was half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
i have n't seen a century since the scavengers in half a century .
we 've been here half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
let 's have half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
it would be half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
it would be half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
i 've been half a century since the scavengers have destroyed our moon .
this is half a century old since the scavengers destroyed our moon has been destroyed .
we 've been destroyed by the century since the scavengers .
i guess your moisturiser ?
that you have a moisturizer ?
i mean , uh , moisturizer ?
you have any moisturizer ?
do you have any moisturizer ?
you must have moisturizer ?
you must have moisturizer ?
i mean 's got moisturizer ?
that 's moisturizer ?
you 've got moisturizer ?
i guess all those injuries are usually suffering from a gravity flyer .
that all those injuries are usually suffered by the weight of the flyers .
i 'm usually suffer all those wounds suffered by gravity flyers .
they tend to suffer all the wounds usually from gravity .
let 's have all those wounds are usually suffered by gravity flyers .
they will suffer all these wounds usually from gravity of the flyers .
they will suffer all these wounds usually from gravity of the flyers .
i mean , all those injuries are usually suffering from a gravity flyer .
this is usually suffering from a gravity flyer .
they 're suffering from a lot of injuries , usually from a gravity of the injuries .

that we 're gon na try and wait a few minutes .
i 'm gon na try and wait a few minutes .
we have to try to wait a few minutes .
let 's try and wait a few minutes .
we 'll try to wait a few minutes .
we 'll try to wait a few minutes .
i 'm gon na try and wait a few minutes .
this is enough to wait a few more minutes .
we 're gon na try and wait a few minutes .
i hate nothing to worry .
that i 'm not afraid of anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
you have to scare me .
let me not worry .
you 'll scare me .
you 'll scare me .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
that 's nothing to be afraid of .
you 're freaking me afraid of nothing .
i guess you talk like he 's a god .
that you 're a god like you 're a man .
i guess you talking like he 's a god .
you seem to be talking like god .
let 's talk like he 's a god .
you can talk like he 's a god .
you can talk like he 's a god .
i mean , you 're talking like god .
this is like he 's a god .
you 're talking like he 's a god .
i guess she does n't seem to be in six months .
that seems to be not more than six months old .
i guess she does n't look like she 's not more than six months .
you seem to be not more than six months old .
let me think he 's not more than six months old .
it would look like she 's not more than six months old .
it would look like she 's not more than six months old .
i guess she does n't seem to be in six months .
that 's more than six months old .
you 're gon na me for six months .
i guess the book 's gon na 's life beyond your imagination .
that book is gon na change your life beyond your imagination .
i do n't know how the book changes your lives beyond his imagination !
you have to change your life beyond your imagination .
let 's change your life beyond his imagination .
you can change your life beyond your imagination .
you can change your life beyond your imagination .
i mean , the book 's gon na change your life beyond his imagination .
that 's more than your imagination to change your life .
you 're gon na change your life beyond your imagination .
i wish you 'd talk to mr. eagles .
like you want to talk to mr. eagles ?
i want to talk to mr. eagles ?
you want to talk to mr. eagles ?
want to talk to mr. eagles .
you 'd like to talk to mr. eagles ?
you 'd like to talk to mr. eagles ?
i wan na talk to mr. eagles .
this is good for mr eagles ?
you 're gon na mr. eagles ?
i guess no one 's eating four marshmallows .
that no one will eat four marshmallows .
i ca n't eat four marshmallows 4 ?
you have to eat four marshmallows .
stop eating four marshmallows .
we can eat four marshmallows .
we can eat four marshmallows .
nobody 's gon na eat four marshmallows .
no is available to eat four marshmallows .
we 're going to eat four marshmallows , sta .
i guess you 'd be studying riding a bike like this .
like you 'd learn to ride a bike like this .
i guess you 'd learn to ride a bike like this ?
you learn to ride a bike like this .
let 's find a bike like this way .
you 'd learn to ride that way .
you 'd learn to ride that way .
i mean , how you 'll learn to ride the bike .
that 's how you learn to ride a bike .
you 're gon na learn to drive like this bike .
i guess it 's wasted it on those insolent !
that these disgusting !
i 'm gon na waste it on those disgusting bastards !
you have to waste it on those disgusting bastards !
let 's waste it on these disgusting bastards !
you can waste it on those disgusting bastards !
you can waste it on those disgusting bastards !
lamentable to waste it on those disgusting bastards !
this is fucking stupid !
you 're wasting it on those disgusting bastards !
i mean , did you see her ?
that you saw ?
i saw her ?
you see it yourself ?
have you seen it ?
you could see it ?
you could see it ?
i saw it ? you ? you ?
that 's true you saw her .
you 've seen it ?
i guess she 's scared of them , right , doc .
that she 's pretty scared of them , doc ?
i 'm afraid she 's scared , right ?
you have them pretty scared , right , doc ?
do you know she 's pretty scared , right , doc ?
she must be scared , right , doc ?
she must be scared , right , doc ?
i 'm afraid she 's scared , right , doctor ?
that 's pretty scary , right , doctor ?
they 're scared the hell out of her , doctor , doctor ?
i need not to rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in in europe .
that he does n't need to rest , which is , which is different from some stews in europe .
i do n't rest or rest , not that 's a little steele in europe .
they need not to rest or coddle , which is different from some steele in europe .
let 's not going or coddle , which is different from some steele in europe .
he must be calm or coordinating , which is different from some steele in europe .
he must be calm or coordinating , which is different from some steele in europe .
i need n't rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in europe .
this is unnecessary or coordinating , in europe 's various stews are moving in .
they 're gon na need no rest , nor coddle , which is different from some of europe 's steele .
i guess it built a rocket .
that rocket is built .
i mean , that rocket built .
they build a rocket .
let 's build a rocket .
he 'll build a rocket .
he 'll build a rocket .
i mean , the rocket .
this is built by a rocket .
they 're building a rocket .
i wish we 'd like to make sure that there were enough space .
that we 'd like to make sure if we could be able to do .
i wish we could make sure that we had enough space .
we want to make sure that we have enough space .
let 's make sure we have enough space .
we 'd be able to make sure that we had been in sufficient space enough space .
we 'd be able to make sure that we had been in sufficient space enough space .
i wan na do is to make sure there were enough space .
that 's just enough to make sure that we would be in space .
we 're trying to make sure that we have enough space .
i guess bondi 's what the fbl .
that the fbl is what they were the fbl are looking for .
i know 's what the one watching the fbl .
we have to watch the fbl .
let 's watch the fbl .
we 'll watch bondi 's fbl .
we 'll watch bondi 's fbl .
bondi 's like the fbl 's watching .
that 's what the fbl was watching .
we 're looking at bondi 's fbl .
i guess we should forget how to do the most normal job .
that we should forget how to do the most normal task .
i guess we should forget how the most common tasks of tasks .
we have to forget how the most ordinary work .
let 's forget how the most normal work .
we should forget how the most ordinary work .
we should forget how the most ordinary work .
i guess we should forget how to do the most common job .
this is necessary to forget how the most normal tasks .
we 're supposed to forget how to do the most normal job is .
i know anyone 's bandorer .
that anyone has a bandages ?
i do n't have a bandage ?
you want to have a bandages ?
do you have a bandorer ?
you can have a bandorer ?
you can have a bandorer ?
someone 's got a bandages ?
this is important to ?
you 've got a bandorer ?
i guess you wo n't stay overnight ?
that you do n't stay here tonight ?
i mean you wo n't stay here tonight ?
you want to stay here tonight ?
do you mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
you 'll stay overnight ?
you 'll stay overnight ?
i mean , you wo n't stay overnight ?
this is true you wo n't stay overnight ?
you 're gon na stay here tonight ?
i mean , what 's close ?
that we 're close ?
i 'm close to what ?
you want to be close ?
do you know what 's close ?
you can be close ?
you can be close ?
i mean , what ?
that 's close .
you 're coming close ?
i guess mom 's coming back .
if mom comes back ?
i mean , when mom comes back ?
you want to return your mom ?
let 's go back to mom ?
you 'll return when mom ?
you 'll return when mom ?
mama 's gon na come back ?
that 's if mom comes back ?
you 're gon na return your mom ?
i know , but the european wine in europe , uh , colors .
although there 's an european wine with colour like blood .
i know , however , the wine in europe with colour like blood .
we have to have a european wine with colour like blood colors .
let 's see european wine like blood colors .
it will be european wine with colour like blood .
it will be european wine with colour like blood .
i mean , however , the european wine in colour like blood .
that 's european wine with colour like blood .
we 've got european wine in colour like blood .
i suppose mayor 's going to be responsible for citizens when these policy fail .
that mayor will be responsible for citizens to be responsible if they fail .
i suppose mayor 's mayor to be responsible for citizens if the citizens fail .
they call mayor to call to be responsible people when the policy fail .
let 's call mayor to be responsible for citizens when these policy fail .
you will call mayor to be responsible for citizens when the policy fails .
you will call mayor to be responsible for citizens when the policy fails .
mayor 's gon na be responsible for citizens when the policy fails .
this is necessary to call mayor responsible for citizens if citizens fail .
they 're gon na call mayor responsible for responsibility for citizens if these policy fail .
i welcome the biggest imagination .
that you welcome the biggest imagination .
i welcome the biggest imagination !
you welcome to welcome the biggest imagination .
welcome the biggest imagination .
you can welcome the biggest imagination .
you can welcome the biggest imagination .
i welcome the biggest imagination .
this is great for imagination !
you 're welcome to the biggest imagination .
i mean , before the marketing fraud starts the european commission 's protection measures .
before the marketing fraud starts in europe , the measures to protect businesses .
i do n't taking action to protect businesses before the marketing fraud before the marketing fraud starts .
they begin to defend businesses before the marketing fraud starts .
let the european commission take action to protect businesses before marketing fraud .
it will take action to protect businesses to defend the marketing fraud starts .
it will take action to protect businesses to defend the marketing fraud starts .
europe 's got action to protect businesses before marketing fraud starts .
this is necessary before the european commission before the marketing fraud before marketing fraud starts .
they are taking action to protect businesses before the marketing fraud starts .
i guess you do n't dress .
that you do n't dress ?
i do n't dress ?
you want to dress ?
do you dress ?
you wo n't dress ?
you wo n't dress ?
i do n't dress ?
that 's undressed ?
you 've got no clothes ?
i hate it , and i 'll rectify my mistake .
that i am going to get my mistake .
i 'm gon na put this to me and rectify my mistake .
you have to give me the way to rectify my mistakes .
let me get my fault back .
you will give me the way to rectify my mistakes .
you will give me the way to rectify my mistakes .
i 'm gon na get me a mistake on my hand .
that 's more than me and i can fix my mistakes .
we 're gon na put me a mistake .
i never thought i 'd ever be able to mix the whisky with whiskey .
that i should n't supposed to mix with whisky with whiskey .
i 'm not supposed to mix with whisky with whiskey .
you have to mix the whisky with whiskey that i 'm not supposed to do well .
let 's mix of whiskey with no good idea i never should do .
you should 've never made a good idea to mix the whisky with whiskey .
you should 've never made a good idea to mix the whisky with whiskey .
i 'm not supposed to mix with whiskey with the idea .
that 's no good for me with whisky with whiskey .
you 're supposed to mix the whisky .
i mean , further simplifications are found at the moment .
that it is also appropriate simplifications are identified .
i mean , there are further simplifications for this time .
they include further simplicensing suggestions at the moment .
add more simplifications to be identified at the moment .
it shall be able to be further simplicity suggestions at the moment .
it shall be able to be further simplicity suggestions at the moment .
i mean , further simplification suggestions for this time .
this is further for simplifications of the simplicity of proposals .
they have identified further simplifications at the moment .
i know , uh , uh ?
that they 're neeble ?
i do n't have anyone ?
they have any of them ?
do they have any neeble ?
they can be incompressing ?
they can be incompressing ?
i mean , anyone ?
that 's unsubordinated ?
they 're needlessly ?
i distinguish three situations in that regard .
that distinction is made by three situations .
i distinguish three situations three in that regard .
we make me a distinction three .
let me distinguish three situations in that regard .
it shall be made a situation three .
it shall be made a situation three .
i ' m difference three situations in that regard .
this is different from three situations .
we 're difference to three situations .
i guess how did the speed up the infrastructure authorisation procedure address ?
as the speed of the impact of the application of the authorisation has been achieved infrastructure ?
i read how the rate the speed up the infrastructure authorisation procedure ?
you want to speed up the speed of the infrastructures ?
do you know how to speed up the infrastructure authorization procedure ?
it could be achieved by improving the speed of the infrastructure authorisation procedure .
it could be achieved by improving the speed of the infrastructure authorisation procedure .
i mean , how did the speed of the infrastructure authorization address ?
this is necessary to speed up of the speed of the infrastructure authorisation procedure ?
they have been able to speed up the infrastructure authorisation procedure ?
i guess you wan na want someone who 's gon na do your dirty job ... ... that 's no one of the wrong choices .
if you want someone to do your dirty job , that loser 's not a good choice .
i guess if you wan na do your dirty job , that loser 's not a good choice .
you want to know if you want someone to do your dirty job , the loser 's not a good choice .
let 's think that if you want someone to do your dirty work ... ... the loser .
you should have done if you wanted someone to do your dirty job , that loser does n't choose .
you should have done if you wanted someone to do your dirty job , that loser does n't choose .
i guess you wan na do your dirty job , that loser 's not a choice .
that 's hard to me if you wan na do your dirty job .
you 're gon na think if you wan na do your dirty job , the loser 's not a good choice .
i wish he had he 'd done so ... ... ... to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
because he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
i mean why he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
you have to be able to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
let 's reason why he was he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty after self-respect and alcohol .
he would have fed his great brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
he would have fed his great brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
i mean , why did he want to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol ?
that 's why he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty after self-respect and alcohol .
we 're trying to why he 's trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
i guess we do n't waste time .
so we do n't waste time .
i do n't want to waste time .
we have to lose no time .
let 's not waste time .
we 'll lose no time .
we 'll lose no time .
i mean , uh , no time we wasting time .
this is no time to lose .
we 're wasting no time .
i know , some majestic trees rising trees rising out of the grasslands , filled with rampous white birds .
that grass trees were rising out of the grasslands full of which were full white birds .
i do n't just a couple of majestics tree rose from the grasslands , filled with rampous white birds .
they make some majestic trees rising out of the grasslands full with rampous white birds .
let 's see that some majestic trees are rising from the grasslands , rising white birds of rage .
they could see a couple of majestic trees rising out of the grasslands , full of rampous birds .
they could see a couple of majestic trees rising out of the grasslands , full of rampous birds .
i mean , some majestic trees rising out of the grasslands , filled with rampous white birds .
this is rich from the grasslands of majestic trees , full of rampous white birds .
they 've got a few majestic trees rising out of the grasslands full with rampous white birds .
i guess your heart 's distraught .
that heart of yours is distraught .
i 'm going to your heart .
you have to cut your heart .
get your heart distraught .
you must be your heart distraught heart .
you must be your heart distraught heart .
i mean , your heart distraught .
that 's very good in your heart .
you 've got a distraught heart .
i guess the soul of buddhism that a person 's soul reconsidered at the 49 days .
that the buddhism believes that the soul of the soul will be restored to the 49th day .
i believe that the soul of a man is returning to 49 day .
they believe the soul of a soul reincarnates at the 49 days .
believe me believe that the soul of the man 's soul will be restored to the 49th day .
it would be believed that the soul of a man in buddhist day has taken .
it would be believed that the soul of a man in buddhist day has taken .
buddhism 's believed that a man 's soul will be restored to the 49 day .
this is convinced that the soul of the soul will be restored to the 49th day .
they are believed to have a soul of a in the 49th day .
i mean , speed and anonymity are the benefits of electronic bills .
that rate and anonymity is an electronic bills .
i suppose speed and anonymity are the speed up and anonymity .
they make it possible speed and anonymity as benefits by electronic bills .
make it and anonymity benefits electronic bills .
it will be an advantage of electronic bills .
it will be an advantage of electronic bills .
speed and anonymity are the benefits of electronic bills .
this is good for electronic bills .
they are used to increase speed and anonymity .
i know it was behind the toilet where his husband 's husband 's husband 's husband .
that she had been found in the toilet when her husband found her .
i know she was behind a toilet after her husband found her .
they have to be behind the toilet behind her husband found her .
let her go to the toilet after her husband found her .
she could see her husband 's back in the toilet .
she could see her husband 's back in the toilet .
i mean , behind a toilet where his husband found her .
that 's behind a toilet where his husband found her .
they 've been behind a toilet since his husband found her .
i guess the hotel i 'll be checking tomorrow at tomorrow .
that hotel is gon na go to the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll go to the hotel tomorrow .
you have to go to the hotel tomorrow .
let 's go to the hotel tomorrow .
we 'll check the hotel tomorrow .
we 'll check the hotel tomorrow .
i 'll go to the hotel tomorrow .
that 's a hotel i 'll be checking tomorrow .
we 're gon na check out the hotel tomorrow .
i have weird things weird going on here .
that there 's something weird going on here .
i have weird things weird going on here .
we have a weird thing going on here .
let me get something weird about weird about weird about weird .
it must be a weird thing happened here .
it must be a weird thing happened here .
i have weird things weird going on here .
this is really weird .
you 've got weird things going on here , dude !
i guess he 's gon na borrow his barbed ?
that he 's gon na borrow her ber ?
i 'm sure he 'll borrow his knife borrow ?
you want to borrow the knife ?
do you want to borrow of the knife .
he 'll borrow his barbed ?
he 'll borrow his barbed ?
i mean , uh , willing to borrow the knife ?
that 's willing to borrow the knife ?
you 're gon na borrow your barbed ?
i guess she would prefer a tomb if we ca n't see why we were trying to marry her to nobleman .
if she would prefer a tomb , i see no reason why we were trying to marry her .
i know why we 're trying to marry her to a nobleman .
they prefer to prefer a tomb , not to see why we 're trying to marry her to the nobleman .
let 's she prefer the grave , i see no reason why we 're trying to marry her to the nobleman .
she 'd prefer a tomb if we did n't see why we were trying to marry her .
she 'd prefer a tomb if we did n't see why we were trying to marry her .
i see no reason she prefer a tomb , and i see why we try to marry her to nobleman .
that 's better than a tomb , i see no reason to try to try to a nobleman .
we 're gon na prefer a tomb , not a reason why we 're gon na marry her .
i ca n't take william whele .
that i ca n't marry william whele .
i ca n't marry william whele .
you want me to marry william whele .
let me marry william whele .
you can be impossible to marry .
you can be impossible to marry .
i 'm not going to marry william whele .
that 's impossible for me to marry william .
you 're going to marry william whele .
i shoot position .
that fire position is moving !
i 'm shooting position !
we have to shoot !
shoot the position ! move !
we 'll fire the position !
we 'll fire the position !
fire position ! move !
this is shooting !
we 're going to shoot !
i guess no one 's hiding him .
that no one 's hiding him .
i 'm not hiding him , no one 's fed him .
we have no one to hide him .
do n't hide it , no one 's fed him .
he 'll hide no one .
he 'll hide no one .
i 'm hiding him , no one 's fed him .
no one 's hiding him .
we 're hiding him , no one 's fed him .
i guess it 's all just a toy .
that all the rest is just one toy .
i 'm just a toy .
they 're all just toys .
let 's just just just a toy .
you 'll be all the toy .
you 'll be all the toy .
i mean , all the time . just the toy .
that 's all different , just toy .
we 're gon na be just a toy .
i guess nobody 's told roger ?
that no one told roger about it ?
i did n't tell roger about it ?
you want to tell roger about it ?
have you ever told roger about this ?
you 'll tell roger about it ?
you 'll tell roger about it ?
i did n't know about it ?
that 's true nobody told roger about it ?
you 've told roger about it ?
i guess it 's a classic friend of hers .
that classic friend of hers is what she wants .
i 'm a classic friend of hers .
we want to be a classic friend of hers .
let 's be a classic friend of hers .
she 'd like to be a classic friend .
she 'd like to be a classic friend .
i mean friend of a classic .
that 's classic friend of hers .
we 're gon na be a classic friend .
i guess our car 's stolen .
that car was stolen .
i guess our car 's stolen .
we have to steal the car .
let 's steal the car .
we must have a stolen car .
we must have a stolen car .
i guess our car 's stolen .
that 's kind of stolen from us .
we 're gon na steal our car .
i suppose we use another elevator .
that we 're gon na use another elevator .
i 'm gon na use another .
we have to use another elevator .
let 's use the other elevator .
we 'll use another elevator again .
we 'll use another elevator again .
i mean , uh , using other elevators .
this is available to other elevators .
we 're going to use another elevator .
i guess not to talk .
that he 's not talking .
i 'm not talking to him .
they stop talking .
stop talking to him .
he 'll be talking .
he 'll be talking .
i 'm not talking to him .
that 's nothing to talk .
they 're talking to him .
i bet you a mistake .
that mistake is sure .
i 'm sure there 's a mistake .
you have to make a mistake .
stop it a mistake to be sure .
you must have a mistake .
you must have a mistake .
i 'm sure there 's a mistake .
this is absolutely wrong .
you 've made a mistake for sure .
i mean , average reward for slow and fast career and an average career salary is not equivalent .
that there is therefore not equivalent to an average reward for slow and fast career and a wage rate .
i do not have no equivalent value for slow and fast career and an average career salary .
you seem to have an average wages for slow and fast career and an average career salary .
make it possible to averages for slow and fast career wages and average career wages .
it will be impossible to pay for a slow and fast career and an average salary of average career .
it will be impossible to pay for a slow and fast career and an average salary of average career .
i mean , an average salary for slow and fast career and an average career salary is not equivalent .
this is unequal to pay for slow and fast career salary and an average career salary .
they are therefore not equivalent to a fast career and a salary of fast career wages .
i repeat his rage , as if he was blowing up the bubbles .
although he was still angry as angry like a bubbles .
i still burst out of his anger , as if he came .
you keep blowing his rage like a bubble that came out again .
continue to his anger again , like a bubble .
he could feel his anger again , as if he was blowing up the bubbles .
he could feel his anger again , as if he was blowing up the bubbles .
i 'm still have his anger as if he was like a bubble .
this is still angry as if he was blowing up .
they 're blowing his anger again , though , like a bubble .
i guess it would be possible , uh , fastidious cockroach to avoid pain avoiding .
if there was a motel of fastidious cockroach would have taken to avoid .
i do n't have a fascinating cockroach if i had pain would be avoided .
you want to avoid me in a motel , a fascinating cockroach .
let 's avoid a motel in a fascinating cockroach that roach would have taken me to avoid .
it would be possible pain to avoid a motel .
it would be possible pain to avoid a motel .
i 'd like a great cockroach like a motel to avoid pain .
this is quite fascinating to be avoided by a motel cockroach .
we 're going to avoid a motel cockroach .
i mean , you really taking a surprise .
that you 're serious about marrying surprises ?
i 'm serious about marrying an unexpected ?
you think you want to get married ?
do you think you 're gon na get married ?
you must consider marrying an unexpected marriage ?
you must consider marrying an unexpected marriage ?
i mean , you really think you were you ?
this is really serious about marrying surprises ?
you 're serious about marrying surprises ?
i guess if humanity does n't have any future , he dies .
if humanity does n't have a future .
i hear that if humanity does n't have a future , he will die .
they say if humanity does n't have a future for humanity .
let him say that if humanity does n't have any future .
he 'll say if humanity does n't have a future .
he 'll say if humanity does n't have a future .
i mean , if humanity does n't have any future , he dies .
that 's true if humanity does n't have a future .
they 're saying that if humanity does n't have any future .
i guess the contract and dola girosa will be awarded you .
that contract and dola girosa is gon na be yours .
i 'm gon na give you a contract and dola girosa .
you have to take care of the contract and dola girosa .
let 's give you a contract and dola girosa .
you 'll have a contract and dola girosa for you .
you 'll have a contract and dola girosa for you .
dola girosa 's contracts and dola girosa for you .
this is responsible for your contract and dola girosa .
you 're gon na have a contract with dola girosa .
i guess it 's not funny .
that does not funny to me .
i 'm not laughing at all funny .
you find it amusing .
let me find it amusing .
it would be fun .
it would be fun .
i 'm not laughing at that .
that 's really funny .
you 're laughing at me .
i guess my sister threw him out of her sister 's coat anymore .
because she did n't have enough for her , but my sister threw him away .
i do n't have enough of her coat because my sister threw her out of hers .
you seem to have thrown her out of the coat was n't enough for her , my sister .
let 's get her out of the coat because she did n't had enough of her sister .
she 'd been thrown her out of her coat since she was n't really nice .
she 'd been thrown her out of her coat since she was n't really nice .
i did n't have enough of my sister threw her out of her .
that 's too bad my sister threw him out of the coat .
we 've had enough for her , since the coat , my sister threw her out of hers .
i guess it 's hard .
that guess it 's hard ?
i guess it 's hard ?
you think it 's hard ?
do you think it 's hard ?
it must be hard ?
it must be hard ?
i mean it 's hard ?
that 's hard ?
you 're thinking it 's hard ?
i wonder what the devil tasted devil .
that i 'm wondering what the devil tasted .
i wonder what the devil 's taste is .
you make me wondering what the devil taste .
let 's know what the devil tasted .
you must be wondering what the devil tasted like .
you must be wondering what the devil tasted like .
i wonder what the devil 's taste taste of .
that 's really cool .
you 're wondering what the devil tasted like .
i know this is a crime .
that crime was a crime .
i know this a crime .
you know this is a crime ?
do you know this is a crime ?
you must be a crime like that .
you must be a crime like that .
i mean , this is a crime .
this is criminal .
you 're talking about a crime .
i guess his moustache 's almost droop .
that moustache almost seemed to droop .
i guess his moustache was almost droop .
they seem to have a droop moustache .
seem to be droop 's moustache .
he could see the moustache as if his moustache .
he could see the moustache as if his moustache .
i guess his moustache 's almost droop .
this is almost as if his moustache was droop .
they 've seemed to have a droop moustache .
i just want to take the shifter off my butt .
if i 'm gon na take a shifter off my butt .
i 'm gon na take the shifter off my butt .
you want me to take the shifter off my butt .
let me get that shifter off my butt .
you can take me away from my butt .
you can take me away from my butt .
i 'm gon na take the shifter off my butt .
that 's enough to take my butt kicked .
you 're gon na let me get my dick off .
i guess that 's the beauty .
that she 's beautiful .
i 'm so beautiful .
you seem to be beautiful .
let 's look at the beauty .
she could be beautiful .
she could be beautiful .
i mean , how wonderful .
that 's so beautiful .
we 're being beautiful .
i expect this improvement , especially for elimination of uncertaining uncertainties about certain types of disaster .
that improvement is needed to improve , particularly uncertain about the possibility to help for certain kinds of disaster .
i expect this improvement , especially for eliminating uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some sort of disaster .
we expect to improve the way to improve , especially remove uncertainties about the possibility of a disaster .
let 's expect such an improvement , especially to remove uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster .
we will expect this improvement , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster sources of disaster .
we will expect this improvement , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster sources of disaster .
i expect this improvement , especially for eligibility about the possibility of aid for certain sources can be made .
this is particularly necessary to improve , to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster sources .
we are expected to be able to improve , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of the possibility of some kind of disaster .
i don ' t pass the documents to the workspace .
that workspace could not be delivered to the documents .
i ca n't pass the documents to the workspace .
you fail to pass the documents to the workspace .
fail to pass the documents to the workspace .
you could be able to pass documents .
you could be able to pass documents .
i ca n't pass the documents to the workspace .
this is impossible to pass documents .
you 're unable to pass the documents to the workspace .
i never got abused .
that they did n't abuse me .
i have n't been abused .
they do n't abuse me .
do n't abuse me .
they could n't abuse .
they could n't abuse .
i have n't been abused .
that 's bad i did n't abuse .
they 've abused me .
i guess you ca n't arrest your dog in west hollywood .
if you ca n't arrest the dog in west hollywood .
i ca n't arrest your dog in west hollywood .
you have to arrest the dog in west hollywood .
let 's get arrested in the west hollywood for not turning your dog .
you can arrest the dog in west hollywood .
you can arrest the dog in west hollywood .
west hollywood to arrest you in west hollywood for not changing your dog off the dog !
that 's west hollywood in hollywood to arrest your dog !
you 're gon na arrest the dog in west hollywood .
i know they have been marked asia 's visa .
that they have marked asia 's visa .
i have a marked asia 's asian visa in asia .
they make them an asian visa .
let 's get an asian visa .
they must have been marked by an asian visa in asia .
they must have been marked by an asian visa in asia .
i have been marked by asia 's visa .
this is marked by asia 's visa .
they have been marked an asian visa .
i know , after a while the monster 's stuck in the corner , and watched them .
after a monster stuck a hole around the corner and watch them .
i saw a monster wandering around the corner and watching them .
they want to see , after a monster who 's stuck in the corner .
let 's see if the beast had a hole around the corner to watch them .
he could see the beast around the next to watch them .
he could see the beast around the next to watch them .
i saw the monster 's eyes around the corner and watched them .
that 's a little bit of a monster stuck around the corner , watching them .
they 're looking at the corner of the beast , watching the corner to watch them .
i know you 're dead .
that you knew you were dead ?
i know you 're dead ?
you know you 're dead ?
do you know you 're dead ?
you must have known you dead ?
you must have known you dead ?
i know you 're dead ?
that 's true you 're dead .
you 've known you 're dead .
i guess you wo n't be staying much longer .
that you do n't plan on staying much longer ?
i do n't want to stay much longer ?
you want to stay much longer ?
do you not plan to stay much longer ?
you 'll be away from you do n't plan to stay ?
you 'll be away from you do n't plan to stay ?
i guess you do n't plan on staying much longer ?
that 's hard to stay long ?
you 're not gon na stay much longer ?
i know what technology is .
that it evolved ?
i have developed the technology ?
you make it technology ?
do you developed the technology ?
he could have evolved ?
he could have evolved ?
i mean , what technology did he evolved ?
this is advanced and evolved ?
they 've developed technology .
i mean , locked us locked up .
that 'll lock us up .
i 'm locked in .
we have to be locked .
get us locked up .
we 'll be locked .
we 'll be locked .
i 'm locked inside .
this is locked .
we 're locked in .
i guess the colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
that colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
i know the colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
they seem to answer the colony quickly .
colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
he could answer quickly and reasonable for the colony .
he could answer quickly and reasonable for the colony .
colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
this is quick and sensible for the colony .
they have answered quickly and reasonable .
i guess there 's a strong healing energy emanating from love .
that emanates from love .
i do n't know how strong the power is healing from love .
we need to heal energy , which emannihilates from love .
let 's hear the strength of healing from love .
we can be healing energy , which emannihilates from love .
we can be healing energy , which emannihilates from love .
i mean , there 's a strong healing from love .
this is strong in healing energy , which emannihilates from love .
we 've got strength to heal energy that emanates from love .
i guess there 's nothing the original vampire could kill .
that vampire ca n't be killed .
i ca n't kill an original vampire could kill .
you have nothing to kill the vampire .
let 's not kill .
he can kill an original vampire .
he can kill an original vampire .
i ca n't kill an original vampire .
that 's impossible to kill an original vampire .
we 've got nothing to kill an original vampire .
i guess you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
before the plan for pregnancy you to switch to appropriate alternative treatment .
i suppose you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
you have to switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
let 's switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
i suppose you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy .
this is appropriate alternative treatment before the planned pregnancy is planned .
you 're going to switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy .
i guess the river you were talking about ... ... that fell to die .
that river you were talking about was going to jump in and die .
i saw the river you were talking about , jumping into and dying .
you say you to talk about the river and jump in and died .
let 's go to the river and you were talking about , and die .
she 'd come to death when you talked about .
she 'd come to death when you talked about .
river you talked about the river you were talking and dying .
this is true to the river you 've been talking about and died .
you 've been talking about the river that you 've been talking about and died .
i guess there 's a blow your fingers .
that looks like a lot of them smashed his fingers .
i guess there 's a few wounds on his fingers .
they seem to have broken fingers .
seem to have broken fingers several times .
it would seem to have smashed his fingers .
it would seem to have smashed his fingers .
i guess there 's a lot of broken fingers .
this looks more than a few shots smashed his fingers .
they 're gon na break their fingers .
i guess you 're planning on buying the other company .
so you 're gon na pay for buying other companies ?
i mean , do you plan to buy the other company ?
you want to buy the other company ?
do you plan to buy the other company ?
you 'll be planning on buying the other firms ?
you 'll be planning on buying the other firms ?
i mean , you 're gon na pay for the other company ?
that 's what you 're planning on buying other companies ?
you 're gon na start buying other company ?
