no , let me dream about you yesterday .
the dreams happened to you yesterday
it 's been dreaming about you yesterday .
the dreams , too , have come to you yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday , and i was talking about you .
the dream of you and i dreamed of yesterday .
it 's my dream of you yesterday .
well , you were dreaming last night .
and i dreamed of you yesterday .
last night 's dream and that and that 's your thing .
yeah , well , no time , accommodation , accommodation , accommodation , accommodation , accommodation , accommodation , accommodation . .
well , we got no time shares .
do not share the time .
we got no time share accommodation for time .
no accommodation , no time unit .
that apartment shares do n't time .
well , we got no time shares .
now we share accommodation time .
yeah , no time sharing time shares .
accommodation 's not for time .
white people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
white man knew you never white and that 's why they laugh .
he knows about white people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
you 're not to be white , and that 's why they laugh .
let 's know that you 're not white , because they laugh .
white ... the white people know you 're not white and that 's laughing .
and then he 's laughing at white people who do n't know you 're white .
`` white . `` knew you 're not white people who 's why they laugh .
white people know you 're not white , the reason 's laughing .
it 's just a reason they know you 're not white .
alcohol or smoke sales ban
you know , that alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden .
selling alcohol and cigarettes to be forbidden .
well , alcohol was a ban on smoking and cigarettes .
it 's no alcohol or cigarettes .
your drink was also forbidden .
alcohol ban to cigarettes , one smoking pot , okay ?
alcohol must be prohibited . to smoke .
alcohol must not be used for cigarettes .
no , it 's not forbidden to drink alcohol or cigarettes .
he got , um , how did he do with the taxi ?
he has a taxi ?
you do n't have a taxi ? -
someone took the taxi and did it ?
and the taxi ?
am i in the taxi ?
was taxi done ?
that 's not the taxi ?
his taxi was just like that ?
well , what about the taxi ?
wolfish is croughostly black wolf .
he croughed , and croughowed , and the dog .
the dog was cringing a huge black wolf .
a dog croughed a huge black wolf . yeah .
man : let 's go to his side of the giant black wolf dog .
they 're not a black wolf 's huge black wolf dog .
parting is a huge black wolf dog .
he 's ... crouched a huge black wolf dog .
is the dog he ?
is he still crunched with a huge black wolf dog ?
for me , i-i can imagine where they can hide it underground .
given i-i have a hard time imagine where they might hide .
difficult thing , i-i imagine , underground hiding .
it 's not a difficult thing to imagine where they can hide them underground .
it takes off me to imagine where he can hide it underground .
difficult thing came out .
ln fact was a tough thing to imagine where he could hide it underground .
we 're having a hard time imagine where they can hide it underground .
my mind was being difficult to imagine where he could hide it underground .
i guess it 's difficult to imagine where they could hide it underground .
the boy thing was on us ?
the baby thing found on the kid ?
and have n't found anything to charge the baby ?
we found something , and we found boy , and we found something ?
this is not something we found to charge the baby ?
things about finding something to charge the baby ? oh .
a little little thing , something to charge the baby ?
about something to charge the baby ?
no , not for the baby ?
something 's worth charging the baby ?
no one people are going to hurt your husband .
people were going to hurt your husband
it 's possible , who would want to hurt your husband ?
and anyone who would want to hurt your husband ? ``
the only person probably wanted a bad husband ...
know ... to anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
and anyone who wants to hurt your husband ? !
according to anyone , the man could want to hurt his husband ...
well , do you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
oh , i know anyone who wants to hurt your husband .
walking nixon 's going down to the hotel .
how nixon 's way to the hotel room .
the same things will be to nixon 's hotel break .
the way nixon floor went to the hotel .
then nixon walk is when he goes to the hotel .
nixon , the way to go to break into the hotel room .
nixon ways fell into the hotel room .
that 's not the way nixon went down to the hotel room .
the way nixon , he fell into the hotel room , he 's a broken hotel .
the ways that nixon went down is to break into the hotel room
i was your first studio .
part one of your first
this is your first studio . .
you 'll have your first studio ...
i 'll be your first studio ...
only the studio has belonged to you .
you 're your first studio , and you 're your first .
the studio is alone ...
everything was your first studio alone . yeah .
head studies are are your first studio .
thomas 's wearing a huge hat .
why do n't thomas really have a big hat like that ?
you were wondering , thomas 's got a big hat .
is that what thomas had a big thomas had ?
do you wonder how thomas had a big hat and was ?
the wonder is that thomas 's hat ?
wonder what thomas 's got a big hat .
you wonder out thomas 's hat ?
what surprises are thomas 's hat ?
the big hat really is what thomas .
just let 's get the helicopter .
now we better get a helicopter .
i got a helicopter .
the helicopter helicopter came back .
one of the helicopter .
the chopper should be here .
even if we have a helicopter , we have to go .
chopper 's coming in .
we have to go to the chopper up .
and we should get the chopper .
no one was gon na dress ?
your clothes 's not in your clothes ?
there are never clothes on your clothes ?
are n't you dressed ?
you really did you dressed ? no .
little clothes , little clothes ?
now it 's not your clothes ?
you 're out of clothes ?
do you not you 're not dressed ?
now he 's ...
i had no interest in the bank for poor black people in west adams .
the weirrevocable bank is going to be paid banks for poor black people in west adams .
that 's the thing : banks do n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
they do n't want small business loan to poor black people in west adams .
the bank 's not paying small business loans for poor , black people in west adams .
yeah , do n't let the bank does n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
it 's not going to be paid by the poor black people in west adams .
take the bank loans to poor black people in west adams .
well , i guess banks do n't give small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
how strange , banks do n't have small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
can it be appropriate to submit a deadline for submission of application forms of 22 may 2013 ?
mitting applications , we have a deadline of 22 may 2013 .
it is a deadline for submission of application forms of 22 may 2013 at midnight ;
mitting application forms , it may 2013 at midnight .
and the deadline for submitting applications for 12 may 2013 .

such applications came to 24 : 00 in the morning , may 2013 .
the deadline was not allowed to submit applications until midnight .
and submit a deadline for submitting applications at 22 may 2013 at midnight .
sending time to submit a application form of 22 may 2013 at midnight .
see the calves ' eyes that you can see for a little bit .
which callous calolous eyes .
he looked a little scary in the eyes that of the callous calves .
he looks at the caller 's eyes and looks at some of a .
one little butchers have a scary eye .
had the calves ' eyes scare you to see some of the butchers ?
what 's the look at the callous eyes of watching some butchers ?
the calves were terrified to see for the thugs .
the callous calamity eye was a scary look at some butchers .
the veal was probably looking at a couple of the butchers .
had a single and a cut , which is how mr. queen spent the last five years .
you know , the fact that mr. queen 's last five years .
five years came out .
that was the way mr. queen had spent five years away from civilization .
it was just five years away from civilization , and mr. queen of the queen , who had spent the past five years .
alone and out of civilization . . . . . to spend the last five years .
he was alone , and it was a lot of civilization , that mr queen of the past five years .
mr. queen ' s man five years , five years , when mr queen queen has spent five years .
it was , just , just as mr. queen 's last five years .
civilizations are as much as mr queen over the past 5 years .
ms. honeychurch marriage ...
it was going to be a marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse .
the wedding 's between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse on january .
marriage is also a marriage between miss honeychurch and mr kutse .
it 's about marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse . ``
marrying miss honeychurch and mr. kutasi .
what a marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse and january .
we 're not interested in marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse .
the wedding 's between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse on january .
it was going to be a marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse .
i just got a police thinking the bombing and today 's gunfight at the apartment .
if the police think the bombing , the gunfight in the house .
and the police think the bombing and the gunfight at the apartment .
about the police thinking the bomb and the gunfight in ' s apartment .
maybe i can think the police thought the bomb was going into the apartment .
-LRB- man : the police think the bombing is coming out , and today , and the apartment may be connected .
and when the police think the bomb blew up at the apartment , they might as well be connected .
ca n't believe the police are gon na attack today 's gunfight in the apartment .
police thought about the bombing and today 's gunfight in the apartment .
do you think the police think the bombing and the gunfight at the apartment .
has he allowed to hide a little around a five-ten at the height with a well-made coat ?
-- about five-ten -RRB- to the height with a well-made coat , she could not be hidden in the shoulders , they know .
i do n't think his well-made jacket on his shoulders for height , his well-made coat .
do not hide a little around the shoulders of the height of five , well-made jacket . ``
his coat could be hidden only slightly over five years .
how long do you think his well-made of his well-made jacket , which could not hide a little around his shoulders ?
roughly five-ten stood at the height , his well-made jacket slightly thick .
hourless is likely to hide a little around five-ten in height .
let 's see if he had a five-ten tall jacket could not to hide a little around his shoulders .
hour-10 here is more than a five-ten height .
our recent year is a comprehensive consultation .
` there were comprehensive consultations in the past year , ` said the commission .
a comprehensive consultation of the past year is a big deal .
the past year 's comprehensive consultation took place was in place with him .
a comprehensive consultation of consultations is over the past year .
this year long as it took place with comprehensive consultation
it took a comprehensive consultation in the past year .
um ... comprehensive consultations have been carried out over the past year .
and the meeting has been consulted during the past year , will there ?
since last year , our consultation was already held , their consultation was already carried out .
it turned all the gold out .
`` it 's going to be a different things that gold makes . ``
is that just gold ?
take the gold makes things different .
the gold 's going to change everything .
in the gold will change everything .
all of this gold made a difference .
yeah , the gold 's going to change .
listen , that gold is going to change everything .
i guess all the gold makes things different .
ca n't you close all the prows that are still in section 5 ?
all right , and close all the prows that are still in section 5 ?
you'il be able to close up and shut down all the plines that are still playing in section 5 ?
do you go and close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 ?
all of you can go and locked up , which they 're still playing in section 5 ?
all prows can be closed , which are still in section 5 ?
there was a man who 's still in section 5 ?
many prows to be shut down is a plines that are still play in section 5 ?
anyone still playing in section 5 ?
and that was all about going to close all the plines that were still playing in section 5 ?
once he plays , everyone will be a crazy scientist who will destroy the whole town .
crazy scientist killing people all over town ,
part just played it a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
the role is a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
the role 's role was like a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
part are playing a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
role you'il play crazy scientist destroying town everything .
what 's he gon na play is a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town ?
one was a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town
the role was playing a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
50 bucks 's worth of goods stolen by a bastard .
someone stole $ 50 for the goods that you stole today .
does a bastard steal 50 bucks ?
shit has been stolen by a bastard for 50 bucks .
it 's $ 50 for the goods he stole today .
today , $ 50 ...
a bastard stole up .
more than 50 bucks were stolen today and stole it from a bastard .
50 bucks for the goods stolen by a bastard can steal .
is there a little ?
is your fun for you happy !
you 've been very good time . . . . . will be good !
did you get a really nice , joss ?
i think it 's just a very good joke !
a great joy in you
the joss is how great you are !
all right , but your fun .
are you really happy with your fun !
been fantastically good joss
of course , your fun very well , joss .
now there 's a shop selling gasoline ?
the sale of gasoline is still selling ?
he sells gasoline at the toy store ,
gasoline 's on the shops ?
are they selling gasoline for toy stores ?
gasoline 's sold in toy stores ?
free selling gasoline to toy stores ? no .
` oh ! `` was he selling gasoline ?
i 'm selling gasoline in toy stores ? yeah , yeah .
a pig toy store , one too ?
we made the opposite response to the plan he had drawn .
we do the opposite response to the plan he made up on ...
were we gon na do the opposite response to the plan he 'd drawn .
we made the opposite response to the plan he had drawn .
it 's what we 're gon na do . to make of the plan . .
we also made the contrary response to his plan was drawn .
we carried out the contrary response to the plan he had drawn .
so we ' s on the plan he planned .
do the opposite response to his plan
let 's do another reaction ... ... ... that he was planning
you saw out a movie bite ?
anybody saw that movie jaws ?
`` you seen that movie jaws ? ''
you saw that movie jaws ? no .
i have a movie 's jaws
a movie of a movie is seen is seen ?
seeing the teeth from the teeth ?
ever see that movie jaws ?
i saw that movie jaws .
you and your movie jaws , that you saw ?
there 's no pain in the head ?
your head , it 's hurting too bad ?
minds no head , huh ?
now you mean it , does your head hurt ?
head pain was in pain not much ?
he 's got a lot of pain .
head pain hurts lots
the head injury wo n't hurt much ?
and then there 's no pain in your head ?
it 's not gon na hurt his head ?
our whole thing ... my money ...
that 's got money .
no money supply matter .
big money money stuff was over .
it was nothing more than money .
there 's nothing more than money .
do n't have any money .
they 're not money , and more .
well how come it 's more than money .
stuff 's beyond money ...
and if all players have to do n't open his lock , they 'll be able to open his lock .
he was looking for the key to open his locks , which all players must ...
find the key to open his locks is what all players have to do .
he found the key to open his locks , what all players have to do .
and find the key to open the lock . and do all the players have to do .
the key and to open the lock , what all players have to do .
and the key came to the opening his lock .
the key will also be able to open his locks .
he was looking for the key to open his locks , which all players have to do .
you find just the key to open the lock it is what all players have to do .
you really wan na kiss bear ?
i suppose you wan na kiss bear .
yeah , wan na kiss bear ?
oh , i ca n't kiss bear .
is n't that what you wan na kiss bear ?
this is bear kissing ?
you like kissing bear ?
what 's gon na kiss bear ?
i told you you wan na kiss bear .
you kissed bear ?
dozens moves variation attack , counterattack and defense
dozens , make the variation , counterattack , counterattack , and skills necessary skills .
and dozens of movements , attacks , counterattack and defense and defense are required for swordsman skills .
nevertheless
dozens moves , variation of attack , counterattack , defense needs skills for the swordsman .
however , a dozen moves will require an attack , counterattack , and defend skills necessary .
there is not a dozen moves , attacks , counterattack , counterattack and defense .
it requires dozens of moves . variation of attack , counterattack and defense ,
dozens . move , attack variation , counterattack , defense skills .
however , dozens of movements , variation of attack , counterattack , and defense is required for swordsman skills .
i ca n't remember that five feet more , which is what you might be gon na miss .
did you probably miss about five feet more , which is going to miss ?
recollection was about five feet more than five feet away .
the five foot will be missed .
memory was five feet more , which is what you to miss .
you remember that five legs more and was likely to be missing .
now it 's a lot of your feet you 're gon na miss .
did you remember the five feet more , which is what you might miss ?
memory is five feet more , which is what you 're gon na miss .
remember that five feet more , which is likely to miss it .
there 's something to teach instead of throwing stuff .
i teach instead of throwing stuff .
we do n't teach me instead of throwing things ...
we teach me , instead of throwing things .
is n't that what i teach instead of throwing things .
that 's teaching , and instead i 'm gon na throw stuff .
teaching instead of throwing things is like that , instead .
i teach instead of throwing things .
i teach and instead of throwing stuff .
i-i 'm teaching instead of throwing things .
meeting should not be included in a substantial number of pre-paratory work , which should be considered by candidates :
meeting one way preparatory work meetings have a substantial amount
their meeting included a substantial number of preparatory work with candidates to the candidates .
and generally meetings shall be included in a substantial number of pre-paratory work , which should be considered by candidates .
in general meetings , are generally large amounts of pre-paratory work , which should be considered as candidates , eh ?
-LRB- a -RRB- meetings generally with a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs , which should be considered by candidates ' .
was there a substantial number of priority meetings .
meeting does not relate to a substantial priority for preparatory work , which should be taken into account by candidates
meeting will generally include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be taken into account by candidates .
meeting , a substantial number of preparatory work and consideration .
i mean , she wins 30 chaillings .
she wins 30 chaillings and takes it .
the 30 chaillings that will win
30 chaillings , 30 .
30 chaillings winning is winning .
they 're winning 30 chaillings .
in 30 ways , i won , i got it on .
and she wins 30 chaillings .
well , the man will win 30 chaillings .
yeah , thirty chaillings to win .
are my baby abducted ?
that kid 's a kidnapping .
yeah . my baby 's been abducted .
my baby 's been abducted .
the following child wo n't be kidnapped .
following my baby as a kidnapping .
son of a bitch .
my baby was abducted , so i know .
little kid will never be kidnapped .
young people have yet to kidnap my baby .
when you win ? oh ,
and do n't win ?
victory did did n't win ?
the happy man wins ?
you did n't win ?
then you 'll win ?
it 's not victory ?
the victory for the victory is enjoying it ?
when you win , i 'm happy .
is this really win ?
he had believed that his son had died in a terrorist attack .
of course there 's a terrorist attack on his son .
the one who believed his son had died of a terrorist attack .
oh , his little son .
surely they all die .
are they his son of a bitch attacked ?
he 's convinced that his son died in a terrorist attack .
that his son died . in his son of the terrorist attacks .
did i believe his son died of a terrorist attack ?
he thought of his son , during the attack of the terrorist .
it wo n't be a night than in town .
town does n't have a different night .
i know that 's another night than in town .
say something else to be another night than in town .
please be different than in town
the town 's different than tonight .
just how many nights before the town .
one of the nights before the town was another night .
things nights to go into town .
does it differ ?
vey in that hospital , um , um ?
i think the vet 's hospital .
it 's not a vet ?
the hospital is a vet ?
you know ? this is the hospital of the vet ...
come on , is it a vet ?
it was n't a vet ?
you know , that 's the vet ?
in the hospital , vet will be a hospital ?
there 's a vet ?
there did n't be ten minutes before hebrew .
standing right there ten minutes ago .
when he stood here , i had ten minutes of course , hebrew .
standing , he spoke to him for ten minutes .
who stood up here , standing in ten minutes talking to hebrew .
is this standing ?
the fact that he 's talking to hebrew is ten minutes .
he 's ... standing here , ten minutes .
standing here talking to talk to hebrew in ten minutes .
the police man was right there talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
so used to hate fire !
fucking hate to fire to men .
those men hate to fire .
i 'm the men , and they hate fire .
those are hated by fire !
the men like they hate fire .
they were the men who hated the fire .
how 's the guy who hates fire ?
and and such fire men
and they hated the fire .
fbi looked as though i had been attacked at the time .
even once i saw it as if the fbl attacked .
but it 's like the fbl .
fbi appeared to have attacked him at the fbl when i had seen ,
it looked as if i had been attacked by the fbl and had seen it happened .
`` they do n't seem to have been attacked by the fbl when i 've seen .
he must have seemed to have been attacked by the fbl at the time when i saw it .
the fbl 's attack appeared on her as soon as i saw him .

but it seemed to have been attacked at the time i 've seen .
not hurting your baby .
well , you must have been hurt baby .
that kid did n't hurt me .
i hate your baby , baby ?
and your baby 's not hurt .
i know , your kid , your baby and i 'm not hurt .
oh , that 's no pain for your baby .
how do you feel about your baby ?
all of your baby did n't hurt my baby ?
there 's never any pain in your baby .
the court requested to submit such statements to be sworn in the oath of national law ;
what do you want to ask for such statements if national law allows them to be sworn .
the court was responsible for the oath of the court to enable national legislation .
that declaration shall be made under oath , the court of which allows the declaration of national law .
in the case of the court to claim that such statements be taken under oath when national law allows :
the court requests for such statements under oath in case of the national law .
and then it is necessary to ask the court to give such statements to the competent state .
court 's application of such statements of such statements under oath when national law allows .
was required to demand that such statements be made under oath when national law allows .
please ask the court that the declaration to be taken into account when national law allows .
the reason why i 'm afraid to leave her alone .
so i 'm gon na scare her , which is why she 's gon na herself alone
now i worry about her , which is why he 's gon na leave her alone .
she makes me afraid of her , which is why she leaves her alone .
the reason for her , which is why he leaves her alone
she scared of me , which is why he would leave him alone .
scared people will scare her , so let him go .
her reasons were gon na scare her , which is why he alone .
the reasons for being scared , which is why he 's gon na leave him alone .
that 's why i 'm gon na scare her , which is why he 's gon na leave her alone
people do n't sit in my butt and watch the statement .
yeah . is i gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
the two statements are needed to sit in my butt .
i guess i just sit in my ass and watch the statement .
must sit in my ass and watch the statement .
it 's got ta sit in my ass and watch the statement
people sit there and watch the ass . to these statements . to
and i need to sit in my ass and watch the statement
you have to sit in the fuck up and watch the statement .
somebody 's gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
yeah . drive book would seem to have written .
this is a book about driving .
she apparently wrote the book about driving .
she seemed to be writing a book about driving .
and in writing , the book about driving .
oh , looked up at the driver 's book .
write the book on the drive
looks like she wrote ... a book about driving .
looks like she 's writing a book about driving .
they write a book about driving here .
well , got him out of jail yesterday .
yeah . that guy 's prison yesterday .
in the prison yesterday , the people would release him from yesterday .
has a prison release yesterday .
yesterday 's prison 's been released .
oh , i got him out of jail yesterday .
his prison 's out yesterday .
well , when he was out of course , he was out of prison yesterday 's prison .
i thought he 's been released from prison .
he 's out of jail yesterday , he says .
that we 're asking for five million dollars ?
and it 's not five million dollars .
the request came out of five million dollars , please .
that 's $ 5 million dollars .
just got five million dollars on it .
well , what do we have five million dollars ?
now i want five million dollars .
everything is worth five million dollars .
such request :
for five million dollars , it 's not five million dollars .
among the film or the pottery class is available .
no . , if you choose between movies or the pottery class
the film 's choice . you can pick up the pottery class .
the film 's pottery class is in your choice , as well as pottery .
how did you choose between movies or the pottery class ?
when you choose between movies or the pottery class
your choice can be between the film and the pottery class .
what if i could pick you pick up between the film or the pottery class ?
did you choose between the film and the pottery class ?
the film may not be selected or a pottery class
they just a serenade , their female once settled .
start the serenade of their female once settled down
the two of them begin serenade of their female .
they start to take a serenade , their women once settled .
now how do they start to 's wife settled .
they start serenade their female once settled down .
start serenade women start calm
they start to serenade their wives when he settled .
the woman will soon be settled .
start serenade their female and take off once settled .
look forward , not even a gram of truth in his photos .
none of his photos have been true at all .
neither did have a gram of truth in his photos .
images had been made no gram of truth .
the images and images seem to be telling the truth .
oh , with no gram of truth in his photos ...
i mean , even a gram ... . not even telling the truth in his photos .
well , he does n't have an ounce of truth in his photos .
no , yeah , there is no gram of truth in his photos .
he ca n't be in his photos of truth .
the minister was your first day of your prime minister ?
your first night at the head minister 's employees ?
mr prime minister ' s office day being your first day
this is really your first day at the prime minister 's employees .
in your first minister 's office was your first day ?
so did your first minister 's staff first minister 's employees ?
now you know , but your first minister 's first day , right ?
how do you feel about the first minister 's employees ?
how did i get your first day at the prime minister 's employees ?
i mean , your first day for prime minister 's personnel ?
no monster 's hunting .
yeah . monster is gon na happen if you are you .
but if you do n't be a monster
being a monster
but you wo n't be a monster we 're gon na monster .
did you are no monster hunt the monsters ?
you were gon na be hunting monsters .
you got ta be a monster , unless you do n't hunt the beast .
just if you unless you 're not a monster hunting monster hunting monster hunting beast .
of course , you do n't , no monster , after hunting , like this .
companies were locked up mostly from june 2008 .
june , it will be closed for the company to close the most of the company .
first june 2008 they have not been closed by the company .
it closed its operations in early june 2008 .
early june 2008 , the company 's close to his operations .
it closed its operations mostly in june 2008 .
the early june has already closed the company 's operations .
the first companies close to the company 's close operations .
there was a closed operations from early june 2008 .
uh , early june 2008 ... the company 's close to its operations .
i saw that ? !
the one have been shocked him ?
he 's shocked ?
and a little shocked ?
so did he shock him ?
shock brought down him ?
it 's not a shock anymore ?
the shock of him was shaken ?
this one shocked is it ?
hey , shocked man
the impact 's in trouble to eat and drink .

the impact makes it difficult to eat and drink .
impact on eating and drinking .
i also had a problem eating and drinking .
the effect that may cause difficulties in eating and drinking , that effect .
effects can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
sir , making the impact of eating and drinking difficult .
it can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
so i have a problem with eating and drinking .
maybe the two shots , okay ?
in both of us is fire .
i did get us to fire .
our fire really has to be fired .
someone 's fired us both .
they were both able to fire us .
with both of us , he 's gon na fire us fire .
`` both of us get fired .
i am able to fire both .
in both ways , somebody 's gon na fire us .
dress like that , you better than any prince .
and you dress like that . better than any prince .
dress , it 's more beautiful than any prince .
when you dress like that , you 're more beautiful than any prince .
then you got a nice clothes you 're more beautiful than any prince .
if you dress like that , you 'll be more beautiful than any prince .
that 's what you dress up like .
clothes one , one thing beauty , prince girl .
clothes like that , you 're more beautiful prince
you dress like that , and you 're more beautiful than any prince .
the file is no confirmation
confirm the file could not be verified .
but the files could be verified .
-LRB- s -RRB- file 's unable to verify
it is in no confirmation
ca n't verify the file .
unable to verify file .
file selected could not verified
well , there could be no verifications .
you never verify that file .
will he die ? ` said panagyn .
wo n't and die ?
hey , does he die ? ` said panagyn .
` the death of panagyn ? `
they 're dying , and die , and panagyn said .
hey , i 'm gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
i told them to die !
if they die ? `` said panagyn
` they and the dying ?
they die and die and say panagyn .
this is your astronauts ?
did anyone give you astronauts ?
what do you mean , astronauts ?
the astronaut will not be ?
well , and you 're not astronauts ?
d'you mean astronauts there 's no ?
come on , that you 're not astronauts ?
what kind of astronauts do you have ?
astronaut 's not here ?
you guys are not astronauts ?
all those people were your friends .
i don ' t want to be your friend .
friends is going to be your friend .
no ! not your friend ... . - like your friend .
and i do n't want to be your friend .
no and your friend .
no one want your friend .
i 'm not even want to be your friend .
there does n't want to be your friend .
i do n't want to be your friend , and i 'm not going to be your friend .
no anger at me ?
your anger will be mine ?
so how can i be upset ?
nothing is your anger at me ? no .
and mad man ?
pissed off me , huh ?
hey , ` snot upset you ?
and no angry man
all you 're not upset is you ?
i 'm not upset with you .
declaring war with attacking people and soldiers of these countries are not necessarily equivalent
does he declaring war and attacking people who attack the troops of the nation who do n't necessarily match ?
not a common war .
declaring the war and attack and attack people and the nation 's soldiers are not necessarily equivalent .
declared by the war and attack people and the soldiers of the nation are not necessarily equivalent .
war declaring and attacking people and soldiers of the nation were unnecessary .
the war declaring is never bound to invade people and soldiers of the nation .
they are not necessarily equivalent to the war and attack people and soldiers of the nation .
they declaring in war and attacking people and soldiers of the nation who do n't necessarily equivalent .
declaring the war and attack the people and the nation 's troops necessarily .
grandpa kept us slow !
what is it ? at this speed , we will never perform our quota
one man was too slowly for our quota .
we 're still too slow .
is this speed going to be too slow ?
there 's no way to go !
grandpa , and that 's too fast , we wo n't have our quota .
the rate is too slow to do .
our quota never came to us !
will we do it so quickly we will never perform our quota ?
no one misses me
no one 's not gon na miss me .
of course not to miss me , come on .
is it possible to miss you ?
miss my ladies , how can i miss you ?
good god , mr. girls missed me ... . . in the world .
oh , you missed me , my ladies .
the ladies were never gon na me .
jesus christ nobody miss -LRB- lady -RRB-
let me not miss you .
are they being born twice ?
twice there 's a guy born .
do you know ? say twice ?
has everybody been born twice ?
i guess we 're born twice .
every man 's born twice .
what man is born twice .
they 're born twice .
and everybody 's born twice .
every man says he 's born twice .
with captain muler or anybody else has no idea about that .
so who does n't know captain muller or anyone else does n't prefer it ?
okay , we 're taking captain muller or anybody else that you do n't know about this .
no
this is also preferred to captain muler or anybody else that he does n't .
do n't you know captain muler or anybody else who does n't know about this ?
neither one knows about captain muler or anyone else .
captain muler or anybody else who does n't know would be better .
pick up captain muler or anybody else who does n't know about it .
take captain muler or anybody else who does n't know about it .
and now , my film . , are they killing me killed ?
did my film have to be killed ?
how does my film kill me ?
my film 's dead .
that 's ... my film is dead .
go kill to the film .
let 's just kill my film .
the movies do n't kill me .
the film time everyone wants to kill me .
and my movie 's gon na be killed .
our contract and must be here .
the contracts gave us a deal .
what do you mean , we have in our contract ?
it 's necessary for our contract . okay .
everything came up our contract .
our contract one thing today must be
`` must be in our contract .
we need that in the contract . ``
that 's got to be in our contract .
we have to and have a contract .
the health adversely does it possible to accumulate water quality and fish health .
in case of a way , water quality and fish health are adversely affected .
water quality of water and fish health and fish are adversely .
further affects water quality and fish health .
and water quality of water and fish health will be adversely affected .
there was a way to accumulate water health
ca n't they affect the ability to accumulate water quality and fish health ?
and to be able to accumulate water quality and fish health
they may be adversely affected by the accumulating and whether water quality and fish health can affect them .
to be able to accumulate , the quality and fish health .
and we should take shots , were n't we ?
well , our chance is on .
we got ta take shots .
come on . get shots .
shots were n't supposed to take shots .
does anyone take shots ?
the shooting is not to be taken .
so we have to take shots .
who 's going to take shots ?
the gunshot should n't be .
we can sell mr. sigursdon .
no , we have mr. sigursdon to sell .
this is still not allowed to sell .
the mr sigursdon is forbidden .
well , we can sell mr. sigursdon .
one old senursdon sell .
to sell , sir .
sigursdon did not allowed the sale .
of course it was a mr sigursdon who sells .
he does n't allowed to sell , but not here .
it 's agreed to negotiate ?
so the grady agreed ?
grady people will negotiate ?
grady just agreed to negotiate ?
what grady agrees with ?
that was grady 's deal ?
we were agreed to negotiate ? to
there are agreed negotiations with grady ?
grady talks , mr. negotiations ?
it 's grady who agrees with the negotiations ?
where 's the balance of budgetary revenues and expenses ?
are they maintaining the balance of budgetary revenues and expenses ?
it the balance of budgetary revenues and expenditure .
it must maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses and expenses .
thus
budgetary income balances to maintain balance
it was a need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
thus has a balance between budgetary revenues and expenditure .
they are also required to maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
budget revenues is a duty to maintain balance .
such a thing i wanted to remember as a monster .
the only thing was i was wondering about to remember more than a monster .
how did that remember me remember something more than a monster ?
the man remembers more than a monster .
does he remember me as something more than a monster ?
that 's the way i was i needed to remember more than a monster .
what i wanted memory .
the things like being remembered as something more than a monster .
you ca n't remember what i was something more than a monster .
how come they remember me like something more than a monster
say it in a few months ago .
did he also have to auction a few months ago ?
he was able to auction it a few months ago .
a few months ago have it been an auction .
that 's what he 's at the auction a few months ago .
everything came to an auction in a few months before .
he was able to auction it a few months ago .
and then we have a few months ago .
since he 's been at the auction , here 's a few months ... and a few months ago .
ca n't say that 's an auction a few months before .
the blade is never gon na hurt you until you have a knife on your side .
i guess your sword 's gon na hurt you if you do n't gon na hurt your side .
okay . i do n't think you 'll be hurt if you have the knife on your side .
when you have the knife in your side , it never hurt .
take the knife to your side and you wo n't hurt you
it 's like a knife in your hip , no demon , no one .
until your side , no one hurts you , no one hurts you .
you do n't hurt you if you out of your side . no one 's gon na hurt you .
it was n't a demon that you would n't been hurt if you had the knife .
is it only hurt your sword in your side , no demons ?
`` what about three billion years ago ?
lived on this planet for three billion years , and so ... i know .
life such planet -LRB- three billion years -RRB-
that planet has been here for three billion years .
even when the planet life in three billion years
it 's ... . . ... . . has been living in three billion years ago .
this planet has been here for three billion years .
has it living on this planet for three billion years ?
could n't it have been a life on planet ?
life 's three billion years away .
we got a seat .
showing your seat .
show me your seat will be .
seats will not be shown
show me seat seat settings show you
i wish of your seat showed that you were .
for me to show you .
all right , man , let me see your seat . i .
your seats just want to see you .
okay , so i can see your seat .
somebody who speaks english .
english talk does n't speak english .
ca n't you talk in english ?
your guy 's got to speak english .
`` someone 's talking in english .
somebody 's english is talking .
when someone speaks english , you know ?
that makes people speak english ?
he 's english , man .
somebody one , english
something strange , does it matter ?
something was really weird about that ?
how weird does that matter to you ?
hey , you 'll be weird about it weird ?
and that 's weird , you know ?
that 's weird about it ?
all right , you got something weird ?
this thing got weird about something weird about it ?
anything is really weird ?
any strange things can happen to you ?
yeah , erzebet 's servant 's confession .
they tortured him , as erzebet 's servants admit .
torture that made erzebet 's servants admit
do you been tortured ? of the servants of erzebet .
it 's a torture that erzebet 's servants admit .
i was tortured ... . . . and erzebet 's servants admit .
torture is what erzebet 's servants admit .
is it that torture made of erzebet 's servants ?
torture of the torture of erzebet 's servants admit .
erzebet 's servants ' s .
worm ai n't even burning me when i 'm gon na sleep .
the worm is burning me , but i 'm asleep ,
it 's the blood of the worm on me , even when i 'm asleep .
the worm 's blood burns me , even though i sleep .
how am i still under the blood of worm , even when i sleep ?
no , my blood .
the worm blood 's burning me -- even when i 'm asleep .
that 's the blood of the worm burning worm on my sleep .
-LRB- sighing -RRB- still the worm blood is burning -- even i sleep
are you burning the worm 's blood to me , even though i 'm asleep ?
from an older woman to be charged with sexual abuse of a man .
elderly woman 's accused of sexual abuse of a male underage .
and now they 've been accused of sexual abuse by sexual abuse by male .
i found an older woman accused of sexual abuse by sexual abuse of sexual abuses .
were older women accused of sexual abuse of a male .
someone was responsible for sexual abuse of an older man now .
and the elderly woman was accused of sexual abuse of a man .
do not have an older woman accused of sexual abuse by a man .
i have an older woman who 's sexual abuse of sexual abuse of a man .
an older woman with sexual abuse had been charged with a sexual abuse
fun of 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night
his night was fought with herman 's twenty children at the end of the night .
herman game 20 children
had 20 children fighting with herman at a party that night , right ?
herman night game 20 children
there were about 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night .
herman had and had 20 children fighting with him at the end .
he was fighting with herman at the next night at 20 children 's party .
i heard there were 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night
all the kids were fighting with herman at a party at the end of the night .
your arteries caused by bacteria infection .
i just do n't know that bacteria infection is narrowing .
came from the arteries where bacteria were observed .
happen to be a common result of bacteria infection .
bacteria and the common effect and bacteria ' infection and the arteries .
that `` s the common result of bacteria have been narrowing the arteries .
it 's what 's bacteria to be done .
toxins are consistent with bacteria ...
bacteria does not cause any bacteria to bacteria .
`` the common infection of bacteria is bacteria , there it was .
and he scares me ?
i kind of scare do you ?
you 're just scary ?
i 'm not worried about him .
scare him one ?
who scares me ...
the guy got scared of me ?
i 'm afraid . and he 's afraid ?
he scares me , and that 's what i 'm afraid of ?
i 'm scared me ... ?
something 's gon na be bought
he 's probably not buying .
buy somethin ' well .
it 's just for buying .
so in , we have to buy somethin ' .
that we ought to buy somethin ' .
some stuff is supposed to be bought .
a thing it 's something to buy .
something something is for us to buy .
i mean , and i 'm supposed to buy somethin ' .
i swear it 's not a fight .
nothing was a fight , i swear .
if i do n't fight , i swear .
we 're going to fight , i swear ...
not fighting anymore . i swear .
i swear i wo n't fight , and how do i swear ?
we'il promise is no promise .
without fighting , my promise .
it 's a matter what i swear .
now it 's going to fight .
if you were convicted of my watch , you were impossible .
it was not the possibility of convicted of my watch .
that you ca n't be convicted of my watch .
nothing i ca n't be convicted of in my watch .
and you ca n't be convicted of my watch .
hey , let me see that you ca n't be convicted of my watch .
and then you have to be convicted of my watch .
people were never convicted of my watch .
get a conviction for my watch .
when i see my watch , there 's no way you 're convicted .
-LRB- b -RRB- for this reason , people in principle about the transaction data on the information on the environment .
and are people primarily related to consider the transaction data on the environment ?
thus consider the trade data relating to the environment .
which is why people are responsible for the transaction information about the same as the environment .
it was in principle , those who consider transactions relating to the environment .
trade data and environment data
there are therefore people in principle respect the transaction data on the environment .
thus energy trade transaction information related to be
and i mean , people in principle consider the transaction data on the environment ,
and the principle is that people are responsible for the transaction data on the environment .
slightly more direct angle , die .
ln immediate annighter you a little more direct angle
have a little more direct angle and a dead immediately .
the angle angle will also be more direct angle and die .
no , a little bit more direct angle .
a little more direct angle , and dead .
the angle was a little more directly angle of death would die immediately .
i guess it 's a little directly angle and you 'd die immediately die
clearly , you 're not gon na die immediately .
the angle 's a little more directly dead .
animal collection is all needed to be gathered .
let 's get all our bags and cattle .
all bags picked up and cattle .
i need all our bags and cattle collection .
all our baggage and cattle collection and cattle .
no , it 's not ...
it takes all our bags and cattle together .
we 've got to collect all our bags and cattle ,
bags per animal collection , one
bags must not be gathered and cattle .
did the picture show the revolving earth that came up ?
all my picture 's been revolving earth 's land
the picture of the revolving earth that came back .
there was a picture of the revolving world and the planet appeared .
i had an image of the revolving earth that showed up .
oh , i found an image of the revolving earth .
had a picture the revolving earth and it appeared .
once again than one revolving earth 's revolving images came and the picture
the image of the revolving earth now comes in .
the picture of the revolving earth , which came back .
`` lower your weapon !
weapon on the gun with no case
such a gun will be released !
drop gun , drop gun ...
drop gun let 's go
if you drop the gun , your own weapon goes off with it .
drop now is on the gun !
drop the gun ! drop the gun .
your own guns fell on you .
he 's not about the gun !
are n't you a soccer game ?
the friend really wants to play soccer ?
did anyone want to play soccer ?
my friend and i 'll play soccer ?
i was out of a soccer game .
does anyone like soccer ?
`` do you want to play soccer ?
you want to play soccer , mate ... ?
it 's what you want to play soccer ?
`` and with you , my friend ? '' ?
he 's got the rocks back ... ?
the stone was back ?
you can return the stone ?
well , you came back ?
you have the stones ?
rear stone is yours ?
just go , you have your rocks ?
your stones were coming back ?
stones already have you back ?
where are your stones ?
i 'm not saying anything about this whole story .
your story tells us about it ?
i 'm sure you 've told us everything ?
you told us about this whole story ?
everything story story could have been told ?
hey , have you told us about this whole story ?
you told us all about this ?
the story to say ? no ? no .
have you told us about this whole story ?
well , you told us about this whole story ?
the third plea should therefore be investigated and it should therefore should be considered .
that third plea should be investigated first .
you do not consider the third plea first .
is there a need for a third plea for third plea ?
did you examine first third plea ?
its third plea is therefore required to be investigated first .
is the third plea to examine the first review ?
its third plea was .
all right , sir , let 's examine the third plea first .
the third plea was therefore required to be investigated first .
how can he negotiate ?
ln order , he means negotiations .
serious negotiations going on .
meaning negotiations , do you say ?
guys , she 's negotiating .
the whole thing was negotiating , all right ?
just for negotiations , all right ?
negotiations does n't mean it , ok ?
he came up with negotiations .
he said negotiate ...
the man 's hunters were on you ?
and will you chase ?
now he 's chasing him ?
so far , chase ?
you chased this person ... ? why ?
hunting for this person ? what ?
it 's just chasing ?
you chased him , you know ?
you chased him , and why ?
yeah , you guys ?
he 's a big risk , and that 's what he 's got .
he was threatened by him .
his risk really was that he had to him .
how much risk he is .
is the risk of him ?
according to him will risk much .
his risks are at risk .
more , big risk .
i mean , he 's at risk .
he 's very risky . to him .
no , sir , dwera was n't angry with dwera 's behavior .
he could also be irritated by mudfoot behaviour .
upset dwera 's behavior when mudlegs angry .
as dwera had been irritated by mudlegs
well , dwera has an irritated appearance .
`` his behavior is irritated by dwera .
he 's irritated dwera , and when mudfoot 's behaviour .
they upset dwera with mudlegs ' behavior .
dwera irritated him with an with mudlegs .
irritated dwera , mudfoot 's behavior upset .
the klingon attack on cardassia had been trapped .
and the klingons attacked him were trapped at cardassia .
he 's not trapped cardassia after the klingons attacked .
are you trapped in cardassia when they attacked ?
once , however , the klingon has been arrested at cardassia .
and the klingons attacked him were trapped at cardassia .
the klingons attacked him ... ... trapped at cardassia .
after the attack of the klingons , he 's a , trapped , trapped .
cardassia ! when the klingon cardassia .
well , the klingons who attacked him would have been trapped in cardassia .
neither are the laws to take hands and commit violence
law is allowed to take the law into its own hands .
ca n't you take the law into your own hands and commit violence ?
did you let the law into his own hands and commit violence ?
the law will take on its own hands , and violence is impossible .
the law in its own hands , no violence committed .
and with the law to take the hands and commit violence .
then we allowed the law to take their hands and commit violence out of the violence .
to take the law into your own hands , i want to commit violence .
i can take the law into his own hands and commit violence .
yeah , the destinies relected .
how does the destinies go ?
the people had their destinies released .
the destinies of the people is repeated .
the ... is relected in the destinies .
no , i do n't know what people 's destinies .
someone 's not relected .
the destinies of the people were all released .
they released the destinies and relected .
man destinies relected man relected him .
someone had been looking at night and that terrible smell of bad .
it 's about to mask the perfume was almost enough for the smell .
some nights their perfume was almost enough for a night . bad .
perfume have been so much of the smell of a terrible smell of the perfume .
at night , the perfume is nearly enough for the smell .
have some nights , their perfume 's perfume 's perfume . perfume .
some of the nights their perfume has been so obvious that they have a terrible smell .
when some nights , their perfume was nearly enough to hide , some nights .
some of the nights their perfume have been almost enough to hide the bad smell .
what happened to them at night their perfume was nearly enough for a terrible smell
there was something to drink ?
anybody got something to drink ?
why is he drinking ?
you wanted to drink , huh ?
that was drinking ?
i did n't want to drink .
you want something to drink , and something to drink ?
you got something to drink ?
` really ? ` said the drink ?
that 's drinking
your lives came out .
you ' re too much to live .
`` it 's too much for you to live . ``
he 's got a lot of life .
most people have lived for you .
the living is too much .
for a lot of life , you must really live .
big deal . you have a lot of lives .
the living is too much
many people ca n't be lived .
they 're all schizophrenic at night ?
all the people who live city will turn schizophrenic at night ?
even if all the people in schizophrenia ?
all people believe in town turn schizophrenic at night ?
it 's going to be a schizophrenic night ?
whole city will turn schizophrenic at night ?
whole city people in the city of schizophrenic night ?
you do n't know what people in town turn schizophrenic at night ?
their city turned schizophrenic all night away ?
people in the city turning schizophrenic at night ?
they 're gon na take a bullet if they insults the german .
a bullet was going to take a bullet if he insults the german .
a german and the bullet broke in .
a bullet is going to be fired
the german did n't even get shot if he was offended .
he wo n't take a bullet if he insults the german
what if he insults the german one by the german ... a german .
the german 's insulting to the bullet .
and the fact that insults the german is gon na take .
he wanted to hit the german one bullet ...
do n't they have borderline around ?
they will be everywhere .
borderline 's got everything
they were all around .
borderline , do they all around ?
all around them , though .
they 're around , however .
i heard borderline everything .
here 's the whole area .
the borderlines are everywhere but they 're all around .
no one ever abuse from me .
no abuse and nothing ever abused me .
not abuse me .
because i 'm not abused me .
how did i not get abused ?
no abuse of me has ever been done .
bad man : abuse ...
no abuse of them are n't me abuse , abused , abused , abused , abusing me ... '
never abused me ... . and i was abused him .
no one 's abuse abusing .
he 's calm down , the leader 's still in trouble .
are you seeing the leader 's face , mr. clark 's face ?
mr. clark does n't mind his face problems .
leader remained calm , mr. clark 's face problems .
leader stays calm in trouble
did your leader remain calm in trouble , mr clark ?
did n't you just relax ?
i suppose mr clark 's face 's still calm , mr clark ?
chief leaders will still not be calm in trouble , mr clark .
the leader 's leader 's still calm on his face on his problem , mr clark .
he 's not on the other side of the walls ...
he wo n't going to let you out of the walls . he 's gon na take off .
now none of the walls are going to let you go .
from the walls , i got ta let you to you .
`` he says you wo n't let it go from the walls .
no one 's going to let you get you get away from the walls .
does n't let you get away ?
he wo n't let you get out of the wall .
i guess not to let you get out the walls .
no one 's going to you .
and to make him proud .
the man pride me made him .
people make me proud ... . in pride .
and i just made him proud .
well , that 's gon na make me proud .
he was n't what i was gon na be proud .
then he made me proud .
i-i 'll make him proud , and proud , too , make me .
proud man that makes .
if i make him , it , it , i 'm proud .
i 'm just clever .
of course , choice would be clever .
it was just a clever choice .
that choice 's clever .
his choices were clever .
one more clever choice .
that 's clever .
we have a clever choice .
yet here 's a clever choice .
of course ... pick up ... clever .
yet he felt weird , but capable of mind that .
does he have ... weird , but capable of doing this ?
weird , though , something to do it .
the weird but brain capable .
of course , he had weird , weird , weird , uh , weird , capable of course , capable of mind .
according to his strange , but with his mind going to do it .
the minds are weird but capable of doing this .
that was weird , but with the mind to do it .
weird but with the brain is weird is weird
something weird is the one who 's capable of the mind .
my friend ballistics and his gun my friend along with the slug katie .
well
he gave our friend the ballistics gun and a gun that coincided with a bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , the bullet the one who murdered katie .
the ballistics on my friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
ballistics does n't really match the gun with our friend , and that 's bullet that killed katie .
my friend 's gun 's full of ballistics , and the bullet that katie .
ballistics has been on our friend 's gun , matching the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , they 're not consistent with the bullet that killed katie .
the ballistics have taken over our friend 's gun , which matches the bullet that murdered katie
almost no loaf of bread was stolen from him as i knew .
the loaf of bread was hardly was what he had stolen , to me knew .
his loaf was like a lot of bread that he had stolen .
little loaf of bread was what he 's stolen from me .
he had hardly been a loaf of bread and had been stolen as long as i knew .
hardly a loaf of loaf was what he stole from me . .
that 's true , i do n't even though he stolen the loaf of bread .
hardly a loaf of bread was what he had stolen , okay ?
hardly a loaf of bread that had been stealing from me .
hardly one one more loaf of bread he stole
in the name of the queen , the arrest you .
this was me arresting you in the name of the queen .
the queen 's name is ... arrested !
thanks for the queen i am arresting you
well , queen ... i 'll arrest you .
queen is your name , under arrest .
queen , i-i , arrest , arrest you .
you arrest up !
it 's a queen 's name . i 'm arresting you
and did you arrest by the queen ?
now in the house of the poor guy ?
they now do n't live in the house of the poor man ?
poor does n't live in the house ?
no , that 's not going to the poor guy ?
and he 's living in the house of the poor man ?
the poor guy 's home now ?
will he stay the home now ?
today to people poor man house
did he stay here now ?
his poor man lived there now ?
by stealing a state secret would be something to tell frank .
how was it about to steal a state secret ?
um
when he stole the state secret , he just stood .
and the theft of a state secret , just because of frank .
i just like to steal a state secret .
the theft of a state secret was one of a point more than frank .
the theft of a state secret was one thing that was a reason to frank .
has been a secret to steal from frank .
it 's a matter of fact that he stole a state secret .
torture and kill him , everything i want .
there 's only one i want to torture and kill him ,
torture , murder him , everything i want to want .
i want to torture ... but torture and me and kill him .
what i want to torture and kill him was everything i wanted .
the torture murder whole thing .
torture and murder , the only thing i want .
one i wish one of them
now i want to torture and kill him .
torture and murder just the way , i just to kill him .
we lived in six years , and six cities , but we 've been away for them for six years .
we lived in six years , and six cities , but we 've been away for them for six years .
the entire lived in 15 towns . to
when we were 6 years old , we'il be in 15 cities .
the 6 year 's not living .
i guess we ca n't live in 15 cities .
that 's how we lived in 15 cities .
our lived towns in 15 cities had been here all six years .
we all lived in 15 towns in six years .
we 've lived in 15 towns , has it ?
some bought for something .
there 's just buying a few things .
well , yeah , that 'll buy some stuff .
we buy just a little .
things got ta be bought .
how do we buy something ?
for some things , we were buying
it 's buying a few things
a bought stuff is n't going to buy .
no , i 'm not buying ...
and nobody 's home ?
well , no people did they come home ?
who is n't home ? no .
never see anyone back ?
can i not home ?
nobody i come home ?
what you mean is nobody home ?
none of you are going home ?
you know , do n't nobody come home ?
was there nobody home ?
according to anyone , anyone in there ?
and anyone in there ?
and that was someone ?
anyone 's here ? yeah .
someone 's home ?
any people going in ?
does anyone , i got it ?
anyone else man will be here ?
you have anyone in there ?
well ... here and there ?
and look at the trousers ?
seen out of your trousers ?
that 's it , trousers ?
d'you notice trousers gone on ?
the old man just saw that trousers ?
- you -RRB- you saw her trousers ?
so everything is visible ?
any of you saw her trousers ?
you ever seen the trousers ?
you saw the trousers on ?
in the morning , you wo n't be brief .
things will soon be brief tomorrow morning .
one new times are now going to be brief tomorrow morning .
let 's make it tomorrow morning
got a brief thing tomorrow morning .
the morning was brief , eh ?
i 'll give you a short tomorrow morning .
tomorrow morning going to be a short . tomorrow morning .
you were gon na be brief tomorrow morning .
we will be short tomorrow morning ...
i 'm gon na count to be on fire , but i 'll count to ten .
and ... i just do n't count to ten .
what do you gon na do before i shoot 10 ...
the number of fire is going to be 10 .
fires are going to be at ten .
are you counting ten years ago ?
fire . i 'll count to ten .
we 're counting to ten .
and i 'll count to ten before i 'm fired .
it was worth ten years old than fire .
his cover fragments do n't burn in the fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
cover was fire , burning of the inside .
how does the cover burst into fire with a fireball in a fireball ?
cover burst into fire with the hydrogen inside
the cover fire fire was flowing into the hydrogen in a fireball .
the cover came to fire and turned into a hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover of the cover is to burn of the hydrogen makes it a fireball .
the cover burst into fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover it flared when the fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
this is full of fire with the hydrogen .
it was for me giving them oil prices .
the prices of oil are never possible .
and i ca n't pay for oil prices .
yeah , go to the oil price .
what price did i not give them ?
it can be impossible for me to give them oil prices
a little oil cost .
the oil prices 's impossible .
i-i ca n't be giving them oil prices .
that 's impossible for me to give them oil prices .
my friend 's own work has been busy .
the friend is not busy .
oh , always busy .
i think they 've always been busy .
always a lot of time , friends .
the friends , i 've always been busy .
who was in their friends ' friends .
it 's about to , friends .
my friends , they always have .
it 's a lot of friends .
wild are shooting and bomb attacks on dozens of dozens of gangs .
wild . shooting will not attack dozens of gangs died .
shooting wild shootying bombs to prevent dozens of gangs from dying .
he 's going to be attacked and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
i mean , bomb attacks left dozens of gangs ...
there 's still a series of wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
in wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
wild shootings and bomb a dozen gangs are dead .
the shooting pretty much kills .
and they attacked them wild shooting and bomb attacks from many gangs .
we do n't have a lot of technical mistakes because we did n't .
it 's too much technical mistakes that we did n't work .
all the technical mistakes we did n't work .
our numbers are working too many technical mistakes .
and a lot of technical mistakes ,
lots of technical mistakes too bad for us .
well , nothing has happened to us too much technical mistakes .
it 's a lot of technical mistakes .
we could be too many technical mistakes
it 's a lot of technical mistakes .
all you have to do is sit here looking mysterious .
it 's going to be nice and looking mysterious .
that was only mysterious in your seat .
well , it 's just you who 's going to sit here looking mysterious .
your people sit there like you .
the way you have to sit here looking mysterious .
the man 's not going to sit here looking mysterious .
i was just going to sit here looking mysterious .
and you sit here . it does n't look mysterious .
# i -RRB- you just sit here looking mysterious
i heard your movie in the rain .
i hear your movie . you 've got a big rain .
you were n't really happy about your movie .
so ... listen to your movie that you 've got a big rain .
you know , i 'm talking about the movie , it 's a big rain .
i heard the movie you 've got a big rain .
the movies are going to rain in your movie .
this is listening to your movie .
hearing in your movie that you have a big rain
that does n't make a big rain in your movie .
just sit here looking mysterious .
it 's just enough to sit here looking mysterious .
you sat here with you looking mysterious .
just let 's sit there looking mysterious .
the way you 're just sitting there looking mysterious .
sit there like a mystery
the only thing was sit here looking mysterious .
look , you 'll be sitting there looking mysterious .
you 're gon na sit here looking mysterious .
all you have to do is sit ... ... looking mysterious .
nothing like that 's not enough
say it 's not hard and is and is not hard enough !
say not enough to say it is n't hard enough .
no more hard things said !
the only thing i was saying is n't hard enough !
it was n't hard enough !
i-i-what i 'm saying is he 's not enough !
just say that 's hard enough it hard enough !
i ca n't !
let me tell you 're not hard enough !
-LRB- a -RRB- traitor in the empire 's law
he 's a traitor . to be punished under the empire 's law .
ai n't he a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under the empire 's law ?
does traitor punish him , and he 's punished under empire 's empire law ?
be a traitor and be punished under empire 's law .
a traitor in empire here are a traitor , they 're gon na be punished .
he 's just being punished by a traitor and he 's empire law
and he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under empire 's empire 's empire 's empire law .
betrainfestations , and he will be punished under empire law
and so he 's .
full warning and his security will be the same .
this was a full warning . to his security . .
total warning everything security way his safety is .
you have a full warning , as well , his .
i 'll warn you how his security is .
i alert you how his safety as well .
full alarms are what his security is .
and be warned you 're his security is
it 's a full warning , the way of his security .
the alarm is not .
they 're the headless dead bodies pulling down to the crumbling shed shed cottage lucian .
the headless bodies of the dead , the crumbling cabin , lucian .
headless bodies has been dragged into the shrewd ' cottage lucian .
lucian dragged the headless bodies into a broken cabin and dragged lucian .
bodies down to the crumbling cottage lucian cottage .
the headless bodies , which had been dragged into the crumbling cabin from lucian .
they were , uh , the headless bodies dragged into the crumbling shed shed lucian , as lucia .
the bodies are down to the crumbling cottage lucian .
the headless bodies were drawn into the crumbling cabin , lucian was pulling out .
nor did lucian 's headless into a crumbling shed .
and always he carries with the video .
the video of the video .
video always and video ?
when he 's still video , i 'm still carrying , i notice .
you notice the video .
seen video , many other video
he 's always carrying video , you notice ?
always let 's see the video .
do n't wear video , haven't ?
according to the video , he 's always seen it ?
his farm and forest are near ... . - . . . where you are you were .
he 's got a farm and a forest near you
such farm farm does n't come near where you were close to be .
in the woods , farm is close to the forest .
farm . what happened to your farm and forest .
when you 're close , he 's got a farm .
will i be close to his farm and forest .
what happened to his farm and the forest near where you were .
that farm and forest close to be near you 're
farm , come close to your neighborhood .

now it would be in the war unleash cothys .
wars with no cothys ...
no war on the cothys have not yet ?
the war is off ?
do ... have not the war unleash cothys ?
now we 'd never had a war against cothys ?
you find out the war has not leash cothys ?
war had happened to unleash cothys ?
according to the war , you know cothys have ?
we'il return home , huh ?
that we 'll be back at home , huh ?
`` return to our house will be returned .
these are is due to return to our return .
go and come back to our house .
` to our house again , huh ?
that 's not true , `` we 'll return to our house , ''
`` return to our house , huh ? ' ?
in our house is going to be returned .
our return was back to our house , is n't it ?
two gangs , sir , the taiwanese land .
come out with the taiwan gangs ' territory .
should n't we have put the taiwan gangs ' territory on me ?
so you know , you 'll get me a taiwan gang 's territory , too , too , too , too .
you know , i want the taiwan gangs ' territory .
that was due to the taiwan gangs ' territory .
it 's then , better off the taiwan gangs .
so if i 'm gon na land of taiwan gang .
give me to the taiwan gangs ' territory , then .
is n't it possible to give me the taiwan gangs ?
it was no possibility of being too good for the salesmen .
be the salesmen too well enough .
no one 's choice is too good for being a salesman .
those people are no way too well .
impossible people ca n't be too nice to be salesmen .
someone 's not gon na be too good for the salesmen .
yeah
impossible for anyone else 's sake people too good people
if anyone is too good , i 'm sure he 's a saleater .
maybe no people were .
i even find it as if his moustache were hanging .
it looks like his moustache was hanging out , too .
seem to him as though .
they look like his moustache was hanging around .
that looked like a moustache hanging out .
to me , seemed to be hanging out .
it seemed as though his moustache was hanging .
would n't it seem his moustache 's hanging around ?
apparently he could feel the moustache was hanging moustache
he just seemed to be hanging out there .
i had her slender hand slender and caressed me .
woman put her slender , delicate , hands , caressed me .
then she 'd put her slender hand on my arm . to caress me .
she put on my slender arm , caressing me .
is she so thin that she put my arm and touched me ?
she put her slender hand in my arm and caressed me .
these are the slender hands of my arm and caressed me
hands is a delicate hand that caressed me .
with her slender hand , she touched me ,
arm of her slender hand to caress me
and i guess they 're really nice guys . .
was n't it just look like they 're really nice guys ?
looks like they 're really nice guys .
looks like they 're really nice guys .
ca n't i think they 're really cute guys ?
this seems really nice guys to be .
there was a really nice boy ...
the same thing used to be a nice guys .
love guys , they seem .
how does n't it look like they 're really nice guys ?
hard , ai n't the rock burning in the hands of the red-hot iron .
and the stones were harsh and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
his hands burned .
burn the stones hard and burn them in the same as red-hot iron .
hard ... it 's hard to burn the stones into the hands of red-hot iron .
they 'd been harsh and burning stones like red-hot iron .
burn hard on the stones in the hands of the red-hot iron .
stone burned in his hands like a red-hot iron hard .
the rock is harsh , burning in his hands , like a red-hot iron ...
hard ... burning stones into the hands of a red-hot iron .
is n't it nice ?
i liked shit dog 's dog .
baby ai n't got a dog , and he loves shaolin .
baby dog , the dog , love schma love him .
the dog 's got in love , the love of son .
a little dog and the dog and in love .
he ca n't love sh dog .
these are like little dogs and they love of schma .
how can a dog be liked and love with schuma ?
to be a little dog , and he loves shaolin
no , this ca n't be asked , including you .
did nobody ask me begging , including you , including you ?
no such thing nobody ever means anything to you .
well , get to me , including you .
whose people are the one to beg me , including you ?
look , i ca n't beg for anyone , including you .
and nobody 's gon na beg me , including you .
it 's just not possible to beg for me , including you .
i ca n't beg you , including you
`` it makes me beg me , including you . ``
one difference was shown in social matters .
social problems appear very important .
the differences in social problems appeared in place .
it has a significant differences in social problems .

there is a substantial difference in social matters .
all right , i ca n't see much differences in social matters .
you know , these are significant , social problems .
they will appear that social issues of social differences .
what is there significant differences in social problems .
he could hear garuda scream again as the gate .
he screams again after the gate .
garuda screamed once more as he drove to the gate
the scream as garuda 's gate came back to the gate .
i heard garuda scream again as he took the way to the gate .
he 's not screaming again when he came to the gate .
garuda ' d cried once more as soon as soon as the gate .
garuda was once more shouting at the gate .
garuda screams once more after he went to the gate
garuda screamed again , and moving toward the gate .
stop being crazy ... i do n't get out of the toilet ...
if everyone 's going to stop being out of the toilet , and i wo n't be out of the toilet !
do n't let anyone 's crazy . they do n't get out of the toilet !
if anyone 's going crazy , i 'm crazy , i 'm not going to stop !
they 're gon na stop being crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet !
when do you stop being crazy i wo n't come out of the toilet ?
what 's a fool if everybody stops acting crazy if i do n't get out of the toilet ?
no , it 's impossible to stop being crazy .
if people , stop being crazy , i do n't get out of the toilet .
it 's no way to stop them out of the toilet .
accommodation is also available ?
the apartment 's houses are here ?
houses where 's the apartment ? ''
did your apartment find anyone ?
the houses were already found ?
you know what in the apartment ?
now he 's your apartment ?
`` the owner of them was there in ?
if the apartment belongs to the apartment , you 'd know ?
yeah . house has been found by whom ?
so now you 're not ?
uh-oh , does n't that not that crying ?
no crying about it ?
there was no crying ?
the cry of this was nothing ?
the tears of this ?
so that 's what they cry ?
not cry this ? no .
nothing cries it out of ? no .
in the crying , was it ?
is this movie supposed to put our last penny ?
the last penny was nowhere to be put into the film .
well , everything is n't possible to put our last penny on the film .
let 's not put our last penny in the film .
and that 's the last penny we should n't got on the film .
we 're not supposed to put our last penny in the film .
have no idea we should n't have given our last penny .
we have to film our last penny .
if we do n't want our last penny on the film , please .
the film games are why we should n't put our last penny .
it 's powerful restoration energy . the love 's coming .
it gives us a strong restorative energy coming out of love .
restorative power that comes from love
a powerful restoration will appear from love .
what about strong restoration energy that comes from love ?
when love comes from love , it is yet to restorable energy .
restoration energy is rising from love
no
i was still in love with powerful energy .
how did a strong restoration energy come from love ?
your stones back and back the same .
you'il never get your stones back .
all right , your stones in your stuff .
stones are back when you have your stones back .
just get your stones back and back .
you have your stones in your stuff back .
hey , well , you get your stones back .
your stone 's back once you get your stuff back .
you have your stones back , your stuff 's back .
the stones did n't bring your stuff back .
the application for which customers have been paid for sales tax refunds has turned .
new
it has a view that individual customers have made sales taxes .
how can that have turned into a claim to have been made by customers ' s income tax refunds ?
change of requests which various customers have made for sales tax refunds
list of requesting that individual customers have made up to tax refunds .

what information did they turn into ? to a deterrent request that various customers have been paid for sales taxes .
where customers have turned out to demand that individual customers have made to tax refunds
and indicate the claim to have turned out of customers who have made sales tax funds .
jena judicial procedures and the great lawyers have started .

she started the judicial process for helping great lawyers .
what 's the matter with the judicial procedure for helping great lawyers ?
jenny began to protracted judicial process and she helped great lawyers .
how the justful process that you helped great lawyers .
come on
i started with the judicial process that she helped great lawyers .
she began to protracted judicial procedures and helped great lawyers .
then the justine process began the judiciary was the help for great lawyers .
-LRB- sighing -RRB- stupid idiot .
being an asshole like that .
you 're an idiot , did you do that ?
fool really was you .
the fools are dumb
you were such an idiot .
if you 're stupid , you 'll be stupid .
the fool did it to you .
you 're such an idiot ,
you 're an idiot like that
we 'll be here , the one day our ship can travel to other planets .
oh , by day , our ship will be traveling to another planet .
today is the day our ship can travel to travel to travel to travel to other planets .
someday , if our ship could travel to another planet , it was a day .
others will be here someday and will travel of our next planet .
tomorrow night -LRB- a day when our ship can travel to travel to other planets -RRB-
it was possible someday , our ship could travel to another planet .
i have a day when our ship can travel to other planets .
one day 's flight came up with another planet .
day did n't come when our ship could travel to another planet .
we do n't compensate the defendants for damage . .
`` do n't compensate for damage ''
nothing 's gon na compensate the defendants for damage .
the defendants for damage was compensated .
we 're not compensating the defendants for damage . ``
do n't compensating the defendants for damage , sir , sir , sir .
we were uncompensentive to damage .
damage is impossible to the defendants .
we never compensate the defendants for damage .
no one 's compensating the defendants for damage .
disclose of military matters of the world beyond my permission .
the disclosing military matters beyond my permission .
the disclose military business , i ca n't afford it .
the disclose military matters was not allowed me .
let 's disclose matters beyond my permission .
disclose military matters and is beyond my permission .
was the release of military business . to me
that the disclose military business is beyond my permission
disclose matters of military matters of mine ai n't allowed .
we disclose military matters , not even my permission
ln fact everything takes about 18 months to recover .
at least 18 months .
let 's get 18 months to recover .
18 a month takes about to 18 months to recover .
that 's 18 months old , recovery .
only 18 months to recover .
that 'll take 18 months to recover .
their returns were made for 18 months before .
recovery is is 18 months old to 18 months to recover .
18 months of their resumption happened to this time .
is this a trial ?
` we got ta argue in court .
the court is here .
we 're gon na talk to courthouse .
oh , we 're gon na argue , uh , sir , sir .
in court , it 's just arguing .
it 's not possible in court here .
we discuss it in court .
yeah , i ' m in court .
and we 're gon na court .
the criminal case is an attempted murder of the judge .
the murder of the judge is an attempted crime .
his crime 's attempted murder , too .
he tried the murder of a judge .
his crime 's been attempted to kill the judge .
i have a judge 's murder .
crime attempted murder of the judge .
then he tried to kill his crime , and he 's trying to kill the judge .
well , the judge is trying to kill his crime .
criminal offences will also be attempted murder of the judge .
bad enough if a guy like tom van 's gon na end , his right .
have it done ?
hurts enough bad enough for a man like tom van is going to end up like that .
the bad enough was the same man as tom van went up tom van .
and that 's bad enough if a man like tom van ends up in the man .
yeah
the bad enough that a man like tom van is going to end up like that .
ca n't it not enough for a man like tom van to end his way ?
oh , bad enough if a man like tom van ends up .
bad enough for a man like tom van got the way he did it .
yeah , this looks like agent spikings made mistakes .
agent spikings seem to be wrong and makes mistakes .
looks like agent spikings ... a mistake .
all right , look like agent spikings 's wrong .
okay , let 's guess agent spikings made mistakes .
was there any mistakes from agent spikings ?
agent apparently got out of error .
i 'm agent spikings .
what would agent spikings seem to be wrong .
the agent looked as if agent spikings were wrong .
he 's got a loaf , and that 's what mr. pontail wants .
is n't that a little loaf for mr. pontail ?
i got a little loaf to eat .
so people have a want mr. pontail .
yeah . man , you can buy mr. pontail .
oh . i want mr. pontail 's loaf .
your own mr pontail .
will you buy mr. pontail 's loaf ?
the mr ponbs do n't have a loaf .
`` have a little loaf for mr pontail
from all formal records , all records were cleared
every formal record is cleared ...
from all formal records , he 's gon na be cleared .
clean up all formal records .
cleared from all formal records .
they 're gon na clean up all formal records .
records and records will be cleared
been cleared from all formal records .
they clean all formal records .
he 's free from all formal records .
the others took it easy .
it 's all calm .
all right , just relax .
there 's a calm
they 're all calm .
just all of you calm down .
one day everyone calm down
calm down , everyone .
guys . everyone was calm down .
who 's all right , calm down ?
roughly 2,000 standard standards do n't cost the food .
yeah , sir , 2,000 standards .
are they about 2,000 standards that cost the food so much ?
things were cost for two thousand standards .
and how much as two thousand , the cost of food is .
and the whole cost is that two thousand standards of the cost .
things were cost for two thousand standards .
regarding two thousand standards , it 's enough for food .
and it really cost you two thousand standards .
roughly ... 2,000 standard .
will you not speak to the district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
`` have you talked to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
have you talked to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
you talked to a district attorney or had a judge ?
sir
you talked to district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
when you were talking to a district attorney , a public defender or judge ?
that was a public attorney or a judge ?
you were you talking to a prosecutor , a judge ?
what does the district attorney talk about the district defender or a judge ?
the knights will tell you that this is what everyone .
oh , there is ...
such as the knights of wannabe .
it was n't the same thing the wannabe knights said .
ca n't it be the knights about the knights say of the wannabe knights ?
and then they said to me saying all the same knights .
it will be the knights that everything says .
i heard you say everything about the knights
and so all the knights of wannabe said .
the knights say so and say everything .
no toilet man was going to stop until everybody 's gone crazy .
will you end up all crazy when i 'm not going to the toilet ?
everybody 's gon na be crazy , my back from the toilet .
you know , until everybody 's crazy , i 'm not going to the toilet
everybody 's going to stop me from going crazy .
we 'll stop going crazy before everybody comes out of the toilet .
my bathroom is not going to stop until everybody 's crazy .
who 's gon na stop me from going out of the toilet ?
all of you are going to stop being crazy i 'm gon na the toilet .
what do you mean , before everybody stops going crazy i 'm not going to the toilet ?
i heard garuda 's scream as he took the gate .
after garuda was shouting again after the gate
one more time garuda shouted at the gate .
that 's the garuda a little scream at the gate .
he screamed once more and moved toward the door .
scream garuda again at the door .
will garuda cry again after the door .
he could hear garuda scream again as he moved to the gate
the garuda man could hear him once more after the gate came .
the garuda would scream once more after the gate .
in the case of the decision , they were necessary to run tests .
they must be through , they must be tested , and they have been decided .
test need to in the case of the decision .
due to the test that was decided .
yeah . got ta run tests that were decided .
their tests must not be performed .
and they must be through the tests that were decided
test tests must be carried out of place .
i know . they must be testing . testing for which they had decided .
testing the tests that were decided
no one thinks i did n't try ...
was n't my attempt him .
no , uh , i did n't try .
what i did n't try .
i-i did n't try .
how come i did n't try that ?
yeah , no way i did n't .
i did n't try ...
no way it 's i did n't try .
what ? what i did n't try .
mine had already been worse .
the man make me worse .
the man already hurts at me .
worse ... even ... had hit me even worse .
yeah , i 'm worse , worse .
i mean , that guy got worse ...
that was even worse .
cos mine has hit me worse .
even my hit is worse .
what are the worse times i 've ever hit ?
i-i 'm sorry i did it so difficult .
my forgiveness 's being very difficult .
it is going to be difficult to forgive me .
was it very difficult to forgive myself for doing so ?
yet nothing is going to be very difficult to forgive .
and yet , very difficult to forgive myself ...
it is a very difficult thing to forgive myself for .
but in the time i 'm sorry i did it very hard .
this is not going to be very difficult to forgive .
difficult while i 'm sorry to do so .
the body is not together for warmth .
now we 'll all be huddle our bodies for warmth .
no , we did n't hug our bodies together for warmth .
the body was and is going to warm up .
we'il huddle bodies .
let 's huddle together for warmth .
warm takes over .
how does our bodies get our bodies get our bodies are there to warm
well , the whole body is warm our bodies .
warmth will also be our bodies together for warmth .
no sound in your struggle , with tears , is said ?
no one sounds a sound like fighting or cry ?
it really says no sound of fighting or crying ?
it 's not even a sound that you did n't sound like fighting or crying ?
you said nothing about fighting or crying ?
d'you mean , fighting sound sound , cry , sir
tell me not sound like fighting or cry ?
and no sound sounds ?

say you did n't sound like you did n't fighting or cry , huh ?
i was on nothing to solve .
i wo n't solve anything from screaming .
no more screaming is going to solve anything .
well , we were n't able to yell at us .
i got nothing to yell .
no one 's going to solve anything , scream .
nothing solved our screaming .
i 'm not going to solve anything , my scream .
screaming nothing for us
he 's not going to solve anything , to scream .
hey , man , the coast 's here , the mountain , sir .
the mountains , and , behind the mountain .
the mountain coast was here .
and they were high behind the mountain .
the coast behind the mountain is coming !
the mountain , the coast was on the coast .
when the mountain is on the mountain 's mountain , it 's going to be !
it 's not the coast behind the mountain .
the coast behind the mountain has a land !
there 's on the coast ... . behind the mountain .
no , that does n't need ice and cup ready .
i 'll just need ice and cup of coffee ready .
what do we all need for ice and cup ready ?
well , that has to be prepared for ice and cup .
and that 's why we have to prepare the cup
all of us got ice and cup ready .
we need to be prepared for ice , and ...
ice and ready for ice cup and ready .
the ice was all set up .
i 'll have ice ready for ready cup .
can i not be addiction , or alcohol , please ?
nothing was my addict , or some alcohol ?
the drug addict does n't have to be a addict or alcohol .
the fact that i ca n't be addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
my own drug addicts were there ?
well , one drugs ?
maybe it was going to be a addict or a drug addict ?
not addict drugs ?
well , because of me , i 'm not gon na be addicted to drugs ?
my addict or a drug ?
hey , man , look up bad ?
somebody seems bad ...
do you think anyone 's wrong ?
looks like somebody 's wrong ?
who seems to have been wrong ?
look any of you sound ?
like somebody looked like they were wrong ?
and in fact there 's someone else , that seems wrong ?
like somebody 's wrong ?
bad guy , eh ?
you took roy 's medication , and his medication ?
how does roy take medication ?
can i take roy 's medication ?
i 'll take roy 's medication .
so take the roy medication ?
hey . roy 's medication ?
it 's okay . you taking roy medication ?
he 's not taking roy medication ?
the drugs you took roy ...
you were taking roy 's medication ?
dilithium can continue to be recrystalised , do not help even if a molecular level is not possible
there was no way to recrystalised without help , even if the molecular level control failed .
dilithium , it is that the dilithium can still be recrystalised without help , even causing the control of the .
yet the dilithium can be recrystalised without help even if the control of the test has failed .
without help , dilithium checks have no ability to help even if the dilithium controls have not been found .
dilithium still recrystalised without help , even if the molecular level 's control failed .
it may be recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control has not been failed .
it was a dilithium that can still be recrystalised without help , even having failed control of the molecular levels .
dilithium kept recrystalised without help even though the molecular level of the test did not yet occurred .
dilithium recrystalised has been recrystalised without help , even if the control of the molecular level of the molecular level .
how did you talk to a district attorney ?
who 's the district attorney , the defender , judge ?
your attorney is a public defender , judge ?
no , you 're not .
has a district attorney you been talking to ?
well , that would n't be a public attorney , judge ?
how are you talking to a district attorney ?
your attorney has already spoken to the district attorney , judge .
it 's from a district attorney , a public defender .
the attorney from the district attorney , judge ?
beat japanese daily and healthy .
and he 's gon na beat the japanese every day .
that 's why he 's gon na be healthy every day for japan 's day .
should i be needing to beat the japanese every day ?
the japanese got into the japanese every day , so he can be healthy .
man , you beat the japanese every day .
one out of japanese every day .
we need him to healthy people from the japanese every day .
japanese beating days japanese had to keep him healthy .
it is necessary to maintain his healthy japanese day .
and he takes virgins and takes those who broke his promise .
well
that virgins are taking the one who broke her promise .
they take that virgins , taking those who broke the promise .
the virgins were taking the promise to the one who broke the promise .
who are the virgins and the ones who have broken the promise ?
will he be taking virgins and taking those who broke his promise ?
they take virgins , so he takes the promise to break .
and how do they take virgins and take those who broke the promise ?
he will take virgins and take those who has broken the promise
dolores ' 's doing what she 's done for years .
there is my belief that dolores did what she did for years ago .
dolores is probably exactly what he did for years .
i think dolores did what she did for years ago ,
that 's my belief that dolores do what she did for years . yeah .
would it be my belief that dolores to dolores that she did exactly did what she do for years ?
it is certainly in charge that dolores what she did she do for years .
most things were my belief that dolores did what she do exactly what she did for years .
my belief that dolores have done exactly what she has done in years .
yeah , i believe dolores did , exactly what she did for years .
and it 's only ten weeks .
another 10 weeks ago was a ride .
and another ten weeks together .
and how did we get ten weeks ?
what does it take ten weeks ?
only ten weeks of work , all right ?
when it is ten weeks together ... . i only met with each other than 10 weeks .
for another ten weeks , and all of us .
only ten weeks to be together .
it 's only ten weeks , let 's together .
did anyone visit me late ?
you were tired of visiting me , too late .
visitors took me to your late nights .
your night visit was tired .
your visit 's a little late .
the visit to the night had just tired .
and will you come in the night visit ?
night visitors have been tired
visitors were making me tired at night
visitors had enough of your visit .
i know , and that somebody called cartuche tutankhaman .
people call that cartuche tutankhaman .
he told me that cartuche tutankhaman .
someone does n't call cartuche tutankhaman .
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman was calling .
they call cartuche tutankhaman and said
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman , man one could n't call him .
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman . i know .
they call cartuche tutankhaman
how did somebody call cartuche tutankhaman ?
give the presidential election a meeting room .
it 's going to the presidential election .
president 's election 's ongoing at the conference room .
well , now that president 's election is continuing .
in what 's going on is continuing .
well , i know , presidential elections are continuing the conference room .
that 's the presidential election ,
we 're busy with the presidential elections .
elections in the conference room are continuing .
presidential `` elections are ongoing in the conference room
no one 's teaching and when you talk ?
ever teaching , and no one ?
you know , no one taught ?
well , teach no one ever teach you once ?
have you ever been teaching when you talk ?
-LRB- sighing -RRB- have n't anyone ever talk ?
this is never teaching you when you speak ?
all right , you 've been teaching anyone ?
teaching no one about not talking ?
did n't anyone teach you , you talking ?
you got off the gun ?
with guns are the weapons of the water ?
there was even a gun on your gun .
i just got guns burning water .
it 's going to fire under your weapons ?
weapons are your water weapons ? to
hey , i guess your weapons are under fire ?
gun fire underwater .
you could all fire under the water ?
well , you can fire under the gun ?
you know that darn girl tracks .
do not the darn girl . she 's not a darn .
darn girl had no trace .
darn girl did not a trace from her
look , she does n't have a trace of darn girl .
follow the darn girl in here .
that 's not what darn 's girl leads .
darn girl , we have no trace .
his daughter was never followed by any trace .
`` darn girl 's no trace .
your bull even takes a quicker step .
bull comes back to the bull and faster .
and faster with the hell out of your head .
you were going to go back at the bull .
i . the bull 's faster , which is what you have to do .
return to the bull even faster ... so far .
come back to the bull faster . this is what you have to do .
if you go back to the bull faster , it is .
return to the bull is in a speed of what you have to do .
bull oscer got it faster .
is n't that not ... right ?
why do n't you not ?
so are you not ?
yeah , not true ?
when it was , i made it not ?
was it not ? no .
and do n't you ?
you gave me the truth ?
you really is , you know ?
wrong with you ?
nice door , grandma
in your grandmother 's barn , you must 've checked out .
well , i 'd have to see your grandmother 's barn ...
no , that 's in your grandmother 's barn ?
`` she says you checked the box in your grandmother 's barn .
she probably has a box of grandma 's barn .
did you checked your grandmother 's barn , have you left ,
and was it your grandmother 's barn check ?
grandma checked the box in the barn .
hey , grandma 's got to be out the box in the barn .
this is not enough to underestimate the difficulties in the cover the book .
okay , i underestimate the difficulties in giving us a book cover .
in the time , we have underestimated the difficulties , and in demonstrating the book cover ...
hey
it 's just a problem we have a book cover .
we underestimate that the problem of depleted the book cover .
book cover hard .
we have yet to underestimate the difficulties in establishing a book .
the problem is , and to underestimate the difficulties in establishing a book .
the problem is we underestimate of the difficulties in establishing a book .
the little boy had a belief that a terrorist attack had died .
they would believe that the boy died in a terrorist attack .
to believe the boy had died in a terrorist attack ...
believed that the boy had died , terrorist .
the kid , sir , his death of a terrorist attack .
of course , he believes the boy , the kid .
they believe that the boy 's been attacked by a terrorist .
they have believed the kid 's been killed by a terrorist attack .
the boy 's been believed to have already attacked .
was n't that a terrorist attack ?
and that woman who worked at the neighbouring house , as a maid killed herself killed herself killed herself .
woman , working at the neighbouring house , as well as a maid had killed herself .
make sure a woman who worked at the neighbouring house as a killer .
the woman did n't work at the house as a maid killed herself killed .
woman working .
i could also kill a woman who worked at the neighbouring house as a maid .
the woman worked at the neighbouring and killed herself as a maid .
i had a woman who worked at the neighbouring , like a maid killed herself .
you have yet to kill a woman who worked woman who worked at the house as a maid .
i had a woman who worked at the neighbouring , like a maid killed herself .
he 's gon na take some shots .
go for a few shots
if you know , we got some shots .
my little man takes some shots .
hey , let me get some shots .
a few more shots will come .
some shots at me .
i 'll take some shots , i 'll take some shots .
for me , some shots will be taken .
and take some shots .
they raise businesses ' s protection for businesses by european commission to face marketing scams .
they are still aware that businesses are raising the commission 's protection against marketing scams .
listen , there are raising businesses ' s ' protection from europe , the commission is standing against marketing scams .
how can businesses be promoted by businesses by europe commission to stand against marketing scams ?
businesses are raising business protection , the commission is responsible for the european commission 's protection against marketing scams .
it was raised by the european commission to defend the company in relation to the marketing scams .
business protection : european commission is raising businesses are raising the commission to face marketing scams
the businesses were also a european commission 's european commission on marketing scams .
business protection raised the european commission to face marketing scams .
and the european commission 's protection protection to market protection companies by european commission .
the north shaolin is likely to be what they would be as good as they think .
from my view , north shaolin had taken his enemies as an advantage as they would have thought .
shaolin was the enemy in my opinion that north shaolin had taken his enemies as a benefactor .
my opinion was that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an north shaolin .
north shaolin 's 's enemies as an advantage of what they would have thought .
it is considered that north shaolin has taken its enemies as an advantage as an idea .
my view of this , the north shaolin 's enemies of north shaolin , as well as an advantage .
can you imagine that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an extent that they would have thought .
am i aware that north shaolin as well as the enemy of north .
given my view , north shaolin 's enemies have taken their enemies as an advantage .
maybe something . something ?
something 's going on ?
when someone did it , i told him .
any way to tell if someone has done ?
anyone 's gon na tell you 've done it ?
your mind 's not going to tell if someone 's done it ?
anyone else have a chance to tell if someone did it ?
there are any ways to tell if someone did it ?
any way to tell if someone has done it ?
any of them could n't be told if someone had done it ?
opinion is changing just like your information .
yeah . all you see is the way your information looks like .
look , the opinion .
view views made you look like your information .
and by the way of changing views , i look like your information looks .
yeah . opinion does n't make you look like your information .
are you just changing the views is changing your information ?
the only thing that views is , and your information looks like .
oh , come out .
everything was changed by views , as your information looks .
what 's going to talk about this is n't you 're talking about ?
i mean , ca n't you talk about this now ?
there may be no talking about this now ?
you still has a little ?
you'il never talk about this and now ?
can i talk about this now ?
little talk , nothing talks ?
this is impossible to talk about ? no .
in the time , you ca n't talk about this , and you ca n't talk about this ?
i like when you ca n't talk about this now
and an hour for smoking is going to be what they always do .
smoking clock , it 's what they always do .
smoking time smoking drinks things .
it 's an hour to smoke ...
by smoking for an hour , smoke was what they always were .
an hour for smoking . things . yeah .
an hour 's for smoking , what they always do .
smoke 's in an hour .
the smoke will take an hour for everyone .
an hour 's smoke is going to happen .
no one 's hard enough for them , jill .
`` not hard enough to do they always say , jill . ``
well
one more difficult thing to tell them , jill always say .
still bad people will say it 's hard .
he does n't have enough trouble with them and says jill .
how can it not be difficult enough , jill to say that ?
jill still said hard enough .

not enough of them are hard trouble , jill always says .
go ahead , but when boris had no .
it 's the time when boris did n't know .
this is the moment when boris knew nothing .
even now when she was not known . '' she had to be known , `` boris known .
it 's at the moment when boris had no idea .
currently has no idea about when boris did .
can the time be ? though now ?
could miranda not have known at this time ?
although at this time when boris had no idea .
we 're not sure when boris knew .
it was n't me growing alone .
lonely man , no .
yeah , lonely man l
on my own will be raised .
i 've grown ... . by myself .
who grew up on my own .
is that what i 've grown ? to me
are you growing me ?
grown up , come on my own .
i get my own .
financial restructured and usually carried out in a way .
restructured and restructured is usually is consistent with the same time .
and restricting financial restricts usually .
`` they tend to be implemented by financial restructured and restructured .
these are not the same time , financial restructulains .
the same is used to restructured and restructured .
financial restricilization was usually worked simultaneously .
its restructors were usually organised financial restructured and organised .
this is normally been carried out and restructured and restructured .
i guess the financial restructured financial restructured , i did n't performed at work .
hey , can you be my favorite girl ?
the girls with ponytail of my favourite me .
the one time girl ponytail for me favorite .
and that 's what my favorite girls have .
the girl here was my favorite .
the girls with the tail .
then it was n't my favorite girl .
making up the ponytail girls .
now they 're my favorite girl , and that 's my favorite .
ponytail was my favorite .
there be the rubles on your lips and face that they can be drawn by beauty
your lips are ruddy , and they were beautiful .
what , do you have on your lips and cheeks are beautiful ?
more than one is the roubles on your lips and face to be beautiful .
look at your lips and your face is beautiful .
set up , your lips and cheeks are beautiful .
you got ruddy on your lips and face that were beautiful .
as the lips were drawn up your lips , you were beautiful .
and please have ruddy of your lips and cheeks and cheeks and face beauty .
even rubles on your lips and face of beauty .
there is a greater extent to prevent many illnesses in sport .
not a big diseases .
it was more important that many diseases could be prevented from taking part in sport .
does n't matter much more important , that many diseases can be prevented by involved in sport .
i was in the fact that many diseases could be prevented from taking part in sport .
greater , the need to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
greater of greater importance that many illnesses can be prevented from sport .
and more important , many diseases can be prevented from taking part in sport .
things here . more important , that many diseases may be prevented from taking part in sport .
more importantly it was prevented from dealing with many illnesses in sport
which rule do you need to be flexible with these rules ?
what were the maximum flexible for these rules ?
sir
by these rules to be able to provide maximum flexible flexibility .
should n't it be a maximum flexible option of the rules on rules .
the rules are possible , and the maximum flexibility should be granted .
sir , it says that these rules should be flexible .
it was necessary to provide a maximum flexible way of these rules .
do not allowed to be able to provide maximum flexibility .
maximum 's not going to be flexible if these rules are available .
your fear 's not on you .
how about you not worry ?
`` you got no fear .
you know , that 's not scary .
is there no scared man there ?
i 'm not afraid , yet you fear .
he 's got no fear .
not really will worry .
don ' t you , worry , do n't worry .
and no fear . .
that , the sound of a mess of me , '' the prisoner .
what would you say about the sound confused , ` said the prisoner .
and you talk of a little confused me out of prison .
how do you speak of sounds like confusion , ` said the prisoner .
he 's about you talking about me , ` bout , ' ?
and tell me about the sound of confusion .
` sounds of you talking about to talk about to talk about the prisoners say .
the prisoner will sound confused .
` speaking of what you sound confused , my prisoner .
something confused you like that , '' the prisoner answered .
word one of the prohibition 's gon na be canceled .
the ban measure is a revocation .
prohibition are the ban 's going to be canceled .
the prohibition was canceled ...
the ban on this one said to him that he would be canceled .
blockers and claims in case one of them cancel
prohibition is on the ban is canceled .
the ban on them is canceled .
prohibition 's gon na be canceled .
this ban i 'm gon na cancel .
do n't hurt any demonic strength and do n't hurt you while the knife is in your side .
you sure it wo n't possible to hurt when the blade while the knife is on your side .
there 's no demonic strength when the blade is at your side .
the demonic force does n't hurt you while the blade 's at your side .
even the demonic did n't hurt you when the blade was in the hip .
well , hurt out .
but , without the demonic force you can hurt while the blade 's on your side .
well
demonic powers hurt you while the blade 's at your side .
well
leave dr lo alone .
grandma gon na let dr lo go .
granny la los angeles ca n't know what he 's doing .
his own grandmother knew about what he was doing .
he was just leaving dr. lo himself , and he knew what he was doing .
and granny let dr. lo know what he knows .
the granny and dr lo know exactly about it is .
i do n't know what he 's doing , granny .
grandma 's left dr lo alone , and he knows what he 's doing .
the grandmother will leave dr lo alone and know what he does .
black wolf dog squatting next seat
the giant black wolf dog was squatting beside him , and his face settled .
a huge black wolf dog next to his side .
the huge black wolf 's dog , he , the same as ... with a black wolf .
that 's huge black wolf dog squattained next to him .
he 's a huge black wolf dog .
they also squatt with a huge black wolf .
i 'm sure . a huge black wolf dog he 's squatting .
huge black wolf dog , a little squatter .
big dog , wolf , black wolf , next door ,
well
and then i have n't been hit by her beauty ... ... like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes ... ... like nobody ever seen .
fell into me , like a beautiful beauty , lonely face like no one 's ever seen before .
how does it been so beautiful i have n't even saw me in her eyes , like no one ever seen before ?
such things have no more than her eyes of her beauty , like a eyes , like no one ever seen .
i have n't seen her beauty , like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever seen .
and not much impact on her beauty , like a special lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
the beauty of her beautiful own eyes has been impressed by me , like nobody ever seen before .
take the beauty , like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody 's ever saw .
they have been hitting me so far , with her beauty , like an exceptional lonely person in her eyes
i 'm gon na be responsible for ensuring that customers are the security of security , right ?
your responsibility 's safe security for customers , huh ?
the responsibility should be made to make sure the security of the customer , okay ?
your duties are your responsibility to make sure the security of customers , okay ?
your responsibility for ensuring security of customers , right ?
these duties gave you a security of the customer .
the responsibility did n't made for the security of the customer , did you ?
you been responsible for ensuring that the security of customers .
were you ... responsible for ensuring that the security of customers ?
you have to be responsible security of customers , uh ... customer security .
do you been staring me in the way he 's taking my brain ?
eye eyes are the same as if he were taking my brain off .
looks me in the eyes like he 's taking my brain off .
my eye looked me in the man 's taking his brain .
in my eyes , he looked as if he were taking my brain .
my eyes that seemed to me as if he 's brain .

now how do you look me in the eye like he patting my brain ?
must have looked me in the eye like he 's taking my brain
look me in the eye , he had , taking my brain off .
how do you know . there are new artists .
first it 's the new artists .
new artist appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
artist appeared , when the early 1970s appeared .
can i see new artists at the beginning of 1970s ?
i know , and i found new artists at the early '70s .
new artists , early 1970s appeared , apparently , apparently , apparently , apparently .
the artist is not likely to appear at the beginning of the 1970s .
artist first 1970s .
and the new artists appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
with your regret not feeling better
you 're sorry and make me feel better .
- that 's your excuse ... . . i 'm not feeling better
sorry nothing sounds better
your regret of yours made me feel no better .
why did n't i feel about my better feeling ?
forgive me and make me feel no better .
had your sorry not make me feel better .
how does your regret make me feel better ?
by not making me feeling any more sorry .
francesco sabatini 's calm and carefree for the meeting .
francesco sabatini remained calm and carefree all the meeting .
francesco remained in silence and carefree during the meeting .
however , francesco sabatini 's calm and carefree silence across the meeting .
take off francesco sabatini 's calm and carefree entire meeting .
the francesco sabatini had remained calm and carefree all the time .
francesco sabatini remains calm and carefree all the time .
francesco sabat francesco of the meeting do not been met .
francesco sabatini will remain calm and carefree during the meeting .
how can francesco sabatini remain calm and carefree during the meeting ?
she wants her first kiss . she 'd have .
are her biggest wishes to be made by his first .
are her biggest wishes to be made by his first .
she wanted to kiss her first , and she was n't .
well , i was going to kiss her first .
her biggest wish to kiss her first .
wishes do n't have been made to the first kiss .
wishes would be made her first kiss first
take the first kiss out of her .
how come she want to kiss her first time ?
the carlos had a lot lower chance for sex anyway .
and it 's gon na be much less likely to have sex .
listen to do n't much lower my chance of sex .
it 's not possible . carlos 's gon na have a lot of sex .
to the extent , it will be much lower chance to have sex .
none of carlos 's gon na cut my chance of sex .
then it will have a very much lower chance of sex .
well it 's gon na be able to cut my sex ...
it 's a lot less chance of sex .
what about the chance of sex ?
did she turn off ?
the eyes were and surprised and looked at langdon .
they 've given langdon a surprise .
what about the surprise ?
they 've given langdon a surprise .
as langdon looked at him , langdon began to exchange amazement .
langdon 's a startled look .
she looks like a surprise , to langdon , to
i have a surprised look at langdon .
langdon 's a startled look .
i did n't hear about that ?
oh , ever heard of that ?
`` ever heard of that , right ?
you heard about that ?
ever a thing you 've heard ?
he 's there before ?
ever heard of that ?
ever do n't hear about that ?
these things have ever ?
anybody 's talking about that ?
ex was to be the suspect when a girl had a problem .
ex-wife , they 're all suspect in trouble .
former ex-wife was the only suspect in trouble .
do you think the ex-wife is the only suspects . when a girl 's problem .
how did n't you suspect your ex-wife when she was in trouble ?
with your ex-wife , they 'll suspect everyone in trouble .
his ex-wife only suspected the girl who had a problem .
ex-wife suspects did n't suspect when the girl was in trouble .
what ex-wife do you suspect when a girl is in trouble ?
and suspects all suspects when girls are in trouble .
grady , you should have discussed with grady ?
how does grady agree with the negotiations ?
so the grady agreed on negotiations ?
grady himself agreed on negotiations ?
you have agreed with grady , sir ...
grady people agreed on negotiations ?
grady agreed negotiations one , right ?
grady , did grady agree on negotiations ?
any of grady for negotiations are there ?
has grady agreed on negotiations ?
`` what is there to be a significant variation between stakeholders .
the estimates of individual stakeholders `` estimates .
the estimates of individual stakeholders have a substantial variation .
i wish something was .
are different estimates been made , eh ?
the result is a substantial variation of individual stakeholders . to the various stakeholders .
changing the estimates that individual stakeholders have been very different .
there are significant variation between the estimates of individual stakeholders .
it is a substantial variation between the estimates of individual stakeholders .
i have a substantial differences between the estimates and have been made and different stakeholders .
there 's a hard time , not like me .
because , how 's my hard thing you 're not gon na like me ?
and will i be hard for you not to like me ?
you will be hard . because i 'm hard .
i 'm not gon na love you , sir .
i 'm hard to love you ...
because i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me .
now there are hard things you 're not like me .
to me , because i 'm hard to hate me .
you were n't gon na like me .
today i saw them grab a snack box , is it ?
snack 's on ?
with the snack box ?
they 'd taken a snack box .
two snack boxes are in it ?
hey , their snack box ?
they have been taking a snack box ? he 's taken .
in the box were of them ?
i thought they took were lunch
when they took the snack box ?
even with evidence that serious shortcomings exist in security systems .
and can it prove that there are serious shortcomings in security systems ?
evidence relating to be identified are identified security systems serious .
evidence 's a serious weakness in security systems .
it is evidence that there in security systems in place .
can i prove there are serious shortcomings in security systems ?
as evidence , it , it showed serious shortcomings in security systems .
i have evidence that serious shortcomings in security systems .
prove serious shortcomings in security systems exist .
prove and prove serious shortcomings in security systems
and that 's doogie howl ?
anybody got any idea who doogie howl was ?
anybody one of doogie howl ?
you know , and doogie howl is ?
there are no idea who doogie howl is ?
the doogie is that ...
according to the doogie howl ?
you know who doogie howl and you really know ?
how much can it be ?
doogie howser
i just thought he 'd been keeping his stuff more than a decade .
did they still have him more than a decade ?
and is it because he kept his stuff more than a decade ?
everyone keeps his stuff for more than a decade ?
does that matter ten years ?
things to keep his stuff more than a decade ?
who kept his stuff more than a decade ago ?
now they have n't kept his stuff in ten years ?
what the hell ...
these things hold for more than a decade ?
the enemy came to the scene and when the enemies came .
there 's got a few seconds . in seconds he wo n't you could .
i know , in a few seconds , enemies .
in seconds , the enemies came , there was here .
ln seconds , in seconds .
it took a few seconds , the enemy came to the scene .
we have a few seconds to the enemy in the scene .
well , when the enemy came to the scene in seconds ...
there are several seconds left by the enemy came to the scene .
right there the enemy 's enemies came in a scene .
are you being such an asshole ?
the fool was me ?
oh , this must be stupid ?
i 'm such a fool , all right ?
i ca n't be such a fool .
so , that asshole ?
you know , such a fool ?
i 'm such a dick !
one silly man is that ?
the fool people have me and that ?

can i have a sad friend who gave her life ?
in a sad friend , there 's a life of hers .
oh , sad , that 's a little sad your life with your friend .
friend was just a little sad about your friend .
sad , man , let her live .
that was a shame your friend of hers .
yeah , do n't be sad about your friend .
like a sad friend who gave her life .
some sad friends have
a little scary thing is enjoying you ?
a monster thing you enjoy pain ?
any love of you ?
i 'm crazy , do you like pain ?
there 's a monster ?
what kind of monster do you like pain ?
you were enjoying pain ?
your pain 's crazy ?
how 's it going to hurt ?
you'il love hurts and do you ?
germany insultively means he 's gon na shoot .
they 're insulting the german to shoot .
then they will they hurt by the german shoot .
by insulting germany , if you take a bullet , i mean .
and what is going to say is that the german is shooting .
german insulting was shot .
they offended by the german , who shot .
and the german will mean , and they take the bullet
does that insulking of shooting .
insulting , how do the german mean shoot .
it takes a sniper 's success that successful .
no , sniper rifle does not have success .
the sniper 's rifle will be successful .
put the sniper 's rifle with success here successfully .
well
sniper 's set with a rifle as a success .
this operation is successful , and the sniper 's rifle has been identified .
surgery takes into place with a sniper rifle .
the operating success does not provide a sniper 's rifle
hey , um , was successful , the sniper 's rifle . - -RRB- yeah .
a person with nuclear weapons is going to be impossible .
is there any chance to produce nuclear weapons ?
it 's possible to never production nuclear weapons ,
individual man is unable to produce nuclear weapons .
who 's the one who ca n't produce nuclear weapons ?
their nuclear weapon is never going to produce individual , right ?
learn never from nuclear weapons .
and if you do n't produce nuclear weapons , you know ?
in the meantime , someone did nuclear weapons .
do you ca n't have nuclear weapons production
`` no miracle never came to an end ?
will the miracle not be finished ?
this is about not being a miracle ?
mm . and miracle never ends ? !
no miracle ever came to end ?
please , never miracle will it ever again ?
- are n't miracle . never going to end ?
well
you know , and the miracle is never over ?
never miracle ... . and you will end ?
the impact of the helmet and legs ...
they hit his helmet with his feet and feet .
that 's the helmet and legs hit by the flechuckles .
hitting the helmet and legs of the flyers .
that made his helmet and legs with flectte
if the helmet was hitting his feet , he wo n't have a helmet .
and the helmet and legs with flechuckled helmets .
and his helmet and legs hit the flyers .
please , is , his helmet and feet .
and do the helmesses and legs all hit ?
four . , another four other four other four other four other four sides of the village .
are there , we have four , we also have .
do you know about four other four next four sides of the local 's access ?
in addition to the area of the village , another .
further four are found next to the area of the village .
another four , beside the area of the village .
and there 's got four more sides next to the local access points .
are four more than four other houses next to the village ?
points in the area of the village and a further four sides
did you even out of four more of the village access points ?
as a way , a smaller number of employers have a lower benefits .
defined-benefit pensions is offered by a smaller number of employers .
so i like defined-benefit pensions to a smaller number of a smaller number of employers .
income can then be offered by a smaller number of employers .
they offer something similar to defined-benefit pensions , therefore , to be offered by a smaller number of employers .
offering some kind of the defined-benefit pensions , which is why a smaller number of employees .
and offer something like a defined-benefit pension to a smaller number of employers .
they offer something like a lower income to defined-benefit employee .
to be offered by a smaller number of employers , something similar to defined-benefit pensions .
thus offer a small number of employers as much as defined-benefit pensions .
uh
she was necessary to examine the amount of the dose . to
her own dose has been investigated as a result of the dose given in animals .
that 's why she looked at the dose given in animal tests
is it necessary to examine the amount of dose given in animals as a result ?
the amount of animal tests has therefore , has been investigated .
her dose was why she looked at the level of animal tests , which was therefore considered .
and thus checked the dose of animal tests , which is why it .
makes her dose the amount of animal tests therefore .
dose 's not given .
needs someone on your back
- you -RRB- somebody 's watching your back .
let someone keep an eye on your back .
it takes someone to watch your back .
you got to security , with someone watching your back .
got ta make sure someone 's watching your back .
well , that does n't need to make sure someone is watching your back .
this is something you have to make sure you watch your back .
`` i think you have to watch your back
somebody watch behind .
of course you shoot you shoot you fire ? - if you 're not fired ?
how do you not fire the locks ?
guys , take the locks ?
you 're not shooting at the lock ?
did any of you not fire the locks ?
fire fire seal fire -LRB- no -RRB-
and now it 's a lock you can be fired ?
this is never going to be fired ?
no lock fire ...
did you not fire the lock ?
the center are going to be the easiest thing
building the center and the easiest thing to do .
the center makes it easier
it 's the easiest thing to build , and it thing .
build the center is the easiest thing , anyway .
it 's the center 's the easiest thing to do ,
and building the center is the easiest .
it 's easiest to build a center .
i 'm the easiest thing in the building .
and build the center is the easiest thing , and it 's done .
i think if i do anything stupid mistakes , but i do n't think .
i-i guess i guess , one stupid mistake
i guess if i did n't make a stupid .
we 're sure i do n't make a stupid mistake .
and if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
if i do n't make a stupid mistake .
and that seems to me if i do n't make a stupid mistake .
what ? - if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
the fact if i did n't make a stupid mistake
i guess if i do n't make a silly mistakes .
the jokes were wrong .
to be kidding me .
come on , joke , joke , are n't you ?
joke time talking to me .
you 're joking and are n't you ?
did you joke ?
no , this is not funny .
what am i kidding ?
`` a joke , `` right ?
oh , my god , jokes .
that he was happy
smile and be very happy .
he obviously smile at him .
quite well . it was a smile .
smile on his own . smile . pleasure
he smiled and was obviously happy .
he found himself smile , obviously happy .
he smiled , to the smile .
the smile of him would be very happy .
a smile of great pleasure
i just found it odd to have heavy arches and stiff cheekbones .
however , i do n't think he 's weird arches and stiff cheekbones .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones , and his face looks weird .
and that 's weird to be in the heavy retrievable cheekbone .
the face looked weird .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones that make his face look weird .
these are creating heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones look weird .
retrievable arches , stiff cheekbones , his face look weird .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbone , his face 's face 's face odd face odd face odd face odd face odd face .
i 'm gon na see , heavy arches and stiff cheekbone ...
do you have any tea ?
you guys made for tea .
what about the hard time making tea ?
the tea is really difficult .
ln the way that makes tea ?
-LRB- sighs -RRB- this is a difficult tea ?
making tea has been difficult .
what did it get for tea ?
in the meantime , you can the tea ?
that 's a tough time making tea .
i 'm sure the soldier will come out of his mouth , and bean asked .
from the soldier who looked out of his mouth of a little natural ?
what , that soldier sloppelganger came out of his mouth ?
he could also see the soldier coming out of his mouth , and bean thought .
he came out of his mouth , did he think he was natural ?
did he tell me a soldier sloppin ' out of his lips ?
blowing from the soldier from his lips , would he be quite natural ?
what would the soldier come out of his mouth like a natural man ?
you 're not sure that the same thing about the soldier who came out of his mouth ?
even the soldier sloppets .
instead you should have killed her for her to be killed her at 30 minutes ago .
i do n't waiting for you to kill , that 'll kill her in 30 minutes .
you had 30 minutes to kill her instead of half an hour .
thirty more minutes .
`` instead of waiting for half an hour to kill her .
that was instead of 30 minutes before the hell out of her for you 'd be killing her for 30 minutes .
instead of waiting for you to kill her before 30 minutes .
a half minute would be to kill her instead of 30 minutes .
i waited for you to kill her for 30 minutes .
you should have to kill her , instead of half an hour .
he took two strides and took him to the motorcycle .
stride 's been bringing him to the motorcycle .
two strides are not ... his motorcycle .
two of the two strides took off the motorcycle .
stride is bringing him to his motorcycle ... . . .
got two strides on his motorcycle .
he takes two strides to get his bike ...
i guess two strides bring him to his motorcycle . ``
there 's two strides on the motorcycle .
he also got two strides that bike .
and in silence , it looks like francesco sabatini 's entire met .
there are no worries , apparently , which is how francesco sabatini had been through the meeting .
when francesco sabatini was calm , we seem to be worried , they seem to be all over the meeting .
it seems calm and unfeared , like francesco sabatini 's entire meeting .
the calm and unfeared , as francesco sabatini was not here .
the francesco sabatini had been in all over .
calm and unfeared , and which is francesco sabatini 's been through the meeting ?
apparently , they 're like francesco sabatini 's calm and obviously unfeared .
calm people seem to be worried that francesco sabatini 's meeting has already .
what a calm matter . and obviously unfeared , that francesco sabatini was all over the meeting .
is n't he ?
they went out and tyler was going to eat quickly .
ty 's gone to lunch with tyler . . .
tyler 's going to lunch fast .
their walk ... tyler was going to lunch quickly .
it 's quick to tyler for lunch quickly .
a quick lunch tyler is coming .
their luncheers are n't fast for tyler .
tyler 's goin ' to lunch .
with tyler , they 'd come to lunch quickly .
we have these bags and cattle together .
bags , can , shall we also these bags and cattle together ?
we 're going to bring the bags and cattle together .
we got those bags and cattle together .
we 'll have these bags , bring the cattle together .
the bag was together and cattle .
`` let 's get of those bags and the cattle together . ''
come on , these bags and cattle together .
the bag group is like cattle .
our bag is going to be together with the cattle .
-LRB- sourcing risk
all of this are worthy ...
i was worth taking risks .
value of risk . . .
the risk thing has been made .
your risk could n't be taken .
what are you worthy of taking risks ?
and that 's worth taking risks ...
did value take risk it .
risk risk was made .
when they reach some objectives , they are all been built very effectively .
each one is very effectively designed , and certain objectives are to be achieved .
please be able to each other in an efficient way to reach some objectives .

every single man effectively built a way of achieving some objectives .
creating a very efficient manner so that some objectives are achieved .
it was designed very effectively , so that some targets could be achieved ;
each one 's very efficient , so that they can reach some objectives .
people be very efficient way of course some objectives .
had each one been built very effectively so that they could be achieved .
our planet 's largest fish of the fish planet .
oh , our planet 's largest fish .
well , the world 's fish will be the biggest .
what does our planet have the greatest fish ?
our planet 's predatory fish ever .
so this is our planet 's greatest fish .
it is also in the planet 's greatest fish .
one day our planet is a planet 's greatest .
our planets do n't belong to the planet 's greatest fish .
it is now flying our planet
laundry hung from windows , with children playing soccer .
windows washing and the laundry that 's a lot .
the laundry hung from the windows , playing soccer the children .
windows when i play soccer in the laundry .
well , i play the laundry hanging from windows and children playing soccer .
that 's where the windows wash and children play soccer ,
your laundry hung windows and children playing soccer here .
well , it 's up to the windows and the kids playing soccer .
windows laundry are windows and children playing soccer
i play windows wash and the kids play soccer ?
he could not kill animals before the audience ...
there 's animals dead before his audience .
how could kill animals before the audience of animals ?
animal just died the same audience .
how about animals before the audience kill him ?
even animals die before he 's heard of .
they kill animals before his audience .
before his audience , the audience died .
once an audience , he could kill animals .
before his audience are dead for animals are dead .
in the wife of alex , he was the other .
you 've just had another wife of alex ?
the wife of alex is the other one ?
is the wife alex working ?
alex 's wife of another alex ?
was that the wife of alex , sir ?
well , alex must have a different wife .
what a woman ? alex 's wife ?
now that 's what alex 's wife did ?
this is n't alex 's wife ?
the european country is compared to one another to the answer , which is less obvious .
european union countries can answer less clearly .
europe compared the countries to each other to make an answer less clearly .
the same is the less obvious comparison of european countries .
compare the european countries to each other can make answers less clearly .
this is compared to the european countries in comparison with each other with one another .
there are fewer clear answers to the european countries .
but i see less clearly compared to the european countries .
does it appear to compare european countries to one another to compare them to a lower level .
europe 's countries capable of one more obvious response .
is something more than five feet long ?
they have many octopuses , and often more than five feet long .
look at some of our fishers , which are more than five feet long , often seen by our fishers .
people have a lot of octopuses more than five feet long .
let us have some octopuses that are more than five feet long , often seen by our fishers .
i want to find some octopuses are more than five feet long than our fishers often see .
they 're not many octopuses more than five feet long .
can we see some octopuses about five feet long , which we often have often sees ?
there 's a lot of octopuses . it 's more than five feet long .
in a few hours , we can see a few more octopuses that are more than five feet long .
tatiana had failed to them home .
such a possible return could be made , tatiana .
and they ca n't go home , tatiana .

the tatians got home , tatiana .
maybe that they did n't come home . tatiana .
all their return could be impossible , tatiana .
it 's possible they never came home , tatiana .
coming to the house because tatiana .
how could they not have gotten home , tatiana ?
it 's not going to be the taiwan gangs ' territory .
when the taiwan gangs ' territory , they just gave .
so , the taiwan gangs ' land , the way , the tern .
my name is that the taiwanese gangs will give me . . to
there 's a taiwan gangs ' territory .
taiwanese is going to give me this .
tai toiwan the land belongs to the taiwan gangs .
taiwanese be doing the territory of the gangs .
i just got rid of the taiwan gangs ' territory .
the taiwanese gang territory ...
they 're wild animals that reassured him
animals could be relieved him .
can i get him a wild animal ?
how do wild animals relax ?
this is not the wild animal 's reascertained .
i had a sense of wild .
yeah , they do n't have wild animals .
even if it was wild , there 's wild animals .
you know that wild animals were relieved . . . to
i know he could n't believe in wild animals .
do n't really going to sleep , even though she would go back in bed .
that ride made her exhilarate , even though she 'd come back in the bed , tired .
take the ride of her exhilarate , even though she will come back in bed
i have an exhilarating , even though she will come back in bed .
the first ride was that she was exhilarating , though she was going to sleep .
i found her exhilarate , even after she fell back to bed , tired .
the ride then takes her exhilarate , even though she will fall back in the bed .
on the morning she drove her exhilarate . even though she would have fallen into bed
car exhilarate ride has her exhilarating , though then he 'll be in bed .
the ride 's exhilarate , even though then she 'll be in his bed .
general ... . . . and any objection to the government ?
this is generally objected by gossanah ?
general , any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
the general says that gossanah have taken from gossanah ...
general , do you object to withdraw from gossanah ?
it 's general , with no objection to the gossanah ?
i wanted to withdraw from gossanah general .
take any objection to the gossanah ?
i generally did he object to pulling out of gossanah ?
no gossanah objection ?
you got the chairs .
good chairs are n't enough
well , you ca n't put the chairs in here .
okay , uh , put the seat .
ok , it 's the chairs .
the chairs came ... come on .
okay , uh , put the seat .
is it okay to put those chairs here ?
ok move in the chairs
so put down .
well , that 's not burnt .
hey , i 'm gon na smell .
fucking smells burning , huh ?
smell of burning , huh ?
smell is it when it is .
fucking burn it up ?
did you smell the smell burned ?
is n't that burned ?
`` what do you smell ? smell burned ? '
`` smell the burn ? ``
so you 're not gon na want that ?
these people look like that for me ?
did you please me ? not to think you . .
now i beg you not to want that .
just beg you for me .
like i beg you , i guess you 're not gon na want that .
l beg you , i guess you 're not gon na want that .
how did you not want you ?
i beg you , i 'm not gon na want that ?
maybe it 's up to me .
` for the death ? ` said panagyn .
panagyn asked again that they would die ?
do they all die ? ` said panagyn .
great people are gon na die ? ` said panagyn .
not even a man will die ?
they 'll die ? ` said panagyn .
panagyn asked and died ?
die , panagyn ...
look ... how does he die ?
panagyn was gon na die ?
i now want to kill my film .
and the whole film
you'il kill my film .
now that you kill my film .
i mean , so i 'm not interested in killing my film .
now that you kill my film .
the biggest thing is that you kill my film .
hey , i wish you kill my film .
if you kill my film , then everything will also happen .
do n't you kill my film ?
this stuff was kept in ten years ?
ten years stayed with them for his stuff ?
i ca n't even get his stuff in ten years .
more than of them kept his stuff in ten years ?
what 's going on his stuff for more than ten years ?
do not let his stuff in more than ten years old
he keeps its stuff for more than ten years ?
they kept his stuff more than ten years ago and they 've been out .
such stuff could have been kept in ten years ?
and more than ten years ago ?
the memory is unable to be found to be a true context buffer .
are the memories not yet for the real context buffer ?
his memory was unable to allocate the real context buffer .
error one image memory retrivial buffer
memory 's not found for the real context buffer .
memory could not be found for the true image buffer . .
be unable to allocate memory for the real context buffer .
buffer failed , however .
you'il find memory not to be used image buffer 's image context .
could not allocate memory for a real image buffer can be found .
our gratitude was us .
and we would have appreciated - we would appreciate it ''
what about it , sir .
the way things would appreciate and that .
we'il appreciate it .
this thing was us .
yeah , yeah , this would appreciate it .
when we appreciate it , it .
the way everything people would appreciate it .
we would have appreciated it , and we would appreciate it .
there 's no one to die .
no one deserves death .
do n't nobody deserve death . no one
no one 's death deserves it .
no one deserves dying .
my god , no one deserves to die .
do n't nobody deserve death ?
we ca n't deserve to die
in fact , nobody deserves dying .
nobody deserve to die .
oh , i-i wish we .
i got ta get it in my contract .
got ta and get that in my contract .
and got ta get it into my contract .
it 's not supposed to be in my contract .
what we got ta do is that in my contract .
my contract , uh , must be my contract
and then in my contract .
check out the contract .
and we got ta get it in my contract .
visit me or stay a little time long .
no , you were n't .
well , your visitors are due for a while ?
a visit time is supposed to be here for a while ?
how do you visit or stay a little while ?
if i visit you visiting or staying a little while ?
just a visit or stay for a while ?
all right , just a visit or stay a visit ?
only visit or stay for a while ?
just visiting or stay for a little time ?
i feel pretty worried about this ...
how do i worry about this ?
do n't worry about it .
i 'm pretty worried about this .
i have a little worry about it .
it scared me a lot to me .
how do i worry about this ?
the following would make me very much .
it was really freaking me .
well , i 'd be worried .
my others just hate you .
there was more hatred .
others is hate that they do .
there 's no hatred .
everything else hatred is and is not and hate and hate .
who can i hate ?
you ca n't hate others .
it 's the other hate .
let 's hate it .
the other of them were hate .
what kind of them take ?
the kid goes after me .
my baby 's here .
my baby 's been taken .
they 've taken my baby .
yeah , it 's my baby .
well , how do they take my baby ?
kid got picked up .
my baby 's on .
picked up my baby , baby .
anybody 's in there ?
now i 'm sure someone ?
it 's just someone in there ?
i do n't have anybody
any people and anybody ?
i do n't know anybody ?
it 's someone ...
anybody 's home came up with you ?
well , anybody in there ?
what kind of course , anybody would you come ?
we know , meet in your store tomorrow .
come and see if you have a shop tomorrow .
and we 'll see us tomorrow .
what good is you meeting tomorrow ?
tomorrow at the meeting was in tomorrow .
hey , then , tomorrow to meet you at the store .
your store will also be met tomorrow .
the meeting was there at your place tomorrow .
your store 's house is already meeting tomorrow .
hey , we'il meet in your store .
we just took a shot at that .
no , it 's all right .
when we 're done , we 're taking shots .
we got shots .
the shooting is not going .
take the shots
take the shots .
is taking shots
we take shots and taking shots .
it takes shots .
now we 'll have a veterans hospital ?
i mean , i 'm the veterans hospital .
do the veterans hospital ?
the hospital of veterans is that ?
in the hospital , the veterans came in ?
veterans hospital ? -
it was veterans ' hospital ?
it really belongs to the veterans hospital .
veterans hospitals are this ?
that 's the veterans ' hospital , you know ?
i will sit down . maybe .
somebody 's gon na sit down .
a little man will be seat .
i-i showed up your seat .
is it nice here ?
yeah . i 'm gon na see you where you sit .
and thanks to you .
i-i got you seat here .
just sit down .
okay , you ca n't sit down .
give my son 's minor attacks .
none of my sons ' minor attacks .
come on . my son 's minor attacks .
it was never my son 's minor attacks .
i don ' t care about my son 's minor attacks .
my son 's minor attacks are not my concern .
this is no concern my son 's minor attacks .
this is no way to worry about my son 's minor attacks .
my son 's minor attacks are not worried about my son .
hey , my son 's minor attacks .
if you want to consult your veterinarian options to remove unnecessary medication .
your veterinarian should be consulted about the possibility of unnecessary medication .
i suppose you should see your veterinarian . about how to remove unnecessary medication .
the veterinarian should be consulted about options for disposal of unnecessary medication . yeah .
then you should consult your veterinarian can be consulted about options for disposal of unnecessary medicinal products :
do you owe you a veterinarian opinion about how to remove unnecessary medication ?
very veterinarian consultation on options for disposal of unnecessary medication .
veterinarian supervision is not a possibility to remove unnecessary medication .
well ... about the possibility of eliminating unnecessary medication .
in the case of a veterinarian to remove unnecessary medication .
you 're 10 years old for soccer .
how much is it about playing soccer for soccer ?
you 're not playing soccer for a decade .
no , it 's not going to play soccer for ten years .
a decade left soccer will be played .
playing soccer for ten years , please .
the soccer game would n't be ten years
play soccer and play for ten years .
it 's been ten years since you were playing soccer .
you 'd play soccer for a decade , and you 'd be fine .
did their work take three people to the best practice ?
only three of them , so they 're .
everyone is only three people and is going to practice .
it 's just three people , and it 's gon na practice .
their only three people is n't gon na practice .
they guys just for three people , which is going to practice .
-LRB- three people -RRB- were only three people , so they would be good practice .
is it just three people , so we can practice well ?
and so it 's only three people , they 're gon na practice .
everyone was just going to be three people so we could practice .
no , no , i ca n't .
but it ca n't be .
i ca n't do that .
no . no , no .
no way , it does n't happen .
no and no way .
if you do n't , it 's no way .
`` no . i-i got no way .
nothing man failed to do .
no , no , no , i ca n't .
well , familiar with noga 's physical and mental state .
noga 's going to know noga 's physical and mental state .
now know noga 's physical and mental state .
the physical and mental state of noga are known to him .
people know noga 's physical and mental state .
i wish i knew about noga 's physical and mental state .
how did he know noga 's physical and mental state ?
he knows noga 's physical , so he 's a mental state .
is n't it ?
he knew so about noga 's physical and mental state
then how did he smile at his nose ?
`` i smile at his nose .
`` how did he smile ? to his nose ?
i 'm just smiling with his nose ?
his noses have n't laughed ?
is he still there ?
is he smiling with his nose ? no ?
he had a smile on his nose ?
she smiled , and her nose smiled ?
well , have n't he smiling ?
almost got doing this
and what is almost did almost did .
and almost , sir .
yeah , like almost finished .
if this is nearly finished , it will be almost over .
it took him up almost .
what about it almost .
it worked out almost .
i almost did , we almost did it almost did almost did it .
almost what happened to him .
i never got much technical mistakes .
no technical error could be achieved .
i have n't had much technical mistakes
we have no technical errors in this way .
no more technical mistakes were no longer in the field .
i have no technical errors .
we made us no technical mistakes .
we had been having no technical mistakes ...
not a lot appears to have been in no way .
and that 's not much technical mistakes .
hot hand and warm ...
were you talking about hot hands ?
i know , and i 'm gon na be hot hands hot hands hot hands hot hands hot hands .
your hand was hot .
all you 've got is warm .
you have hot hands .
can you please have hot hands ?
in your hands , the hand is burning .
and your hands are hot .
you got on your warm hands , hot hands , hot , hot hands .
what description is there for a job that looks like a janitor ?
oh , uh , uh , uh ... uh , uh , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
uh
there 's a description of the job , did n't it did n't the janitor ?
description of the job , sounds , the kind of janitor
it gave me a description of the work to sound like a janitor .
i guess there 's a description of the work that sounds like a janitor .
a description of work here , which sounds like a janitor .
a description of work description of the job , which looks like a janitor .
this is a description of work , the janitor .
that ` il be somewhere near lu border ,
was he talking somewhere near lu 's border ?
the next thing is that it and are near lu borders .
and he says it 's somewhere near the border .
people coming somewhere near lu borders .
something 's coming somewhere near lu 's border .
say something about somewhere near lu border
they say it 's somewhere near the border , sir .
their border did n't come somewhere near lu .
they say it 's somewhere near the border .
you still are out of alcohol or smoking ?
it 's no alcohol and smoking ? no .
i 'm not allowed to drink and cigarettes
no drinking alcohol was on the run ?
your drink never got drunk or smoke ?
not even alcohol or smoking ?
just ca n't be forbidden ?
alcohol and forbidden cigarettes ?
they 're alcohol and no smoking ?
alcohol and smoke in the area is ...
weird , do n't you think i called a woman ?
what was weird about women ?
one , two women .
someone called me and called me weird .
my wife 's weird .
to a strange woman .
somebody call my wife 's weird .
when i was here , women would just call me weird .
now my women have called me weird .
women would just call me weird .
charlie 's killing us .
you were all going to kill us .
do you really kill us killed ?
i did n't want you to kill us .
the charlie kills us with us .
charlie , you'il kill us all killed .
for charlie , the murder charge .
charlie , charlie -RRB- charlie , killing us , is it ?
charlie . let 's get us killed .
you got ta kill us .
she killed her family ? .
if she killed her family , do you have a murder ?
the family died ? no .
the family 's killer did they kill her ?
in the end , family killed her with her family
this is her family murdered .
they kill the family ?
then there was a murder in the family ?
was that her family killed ?
yeah , her family murdered ?
no , he could n't see his friends with an enemy .
the eyes he 's got ugly is not in enemy .
i could also see his friends turned ugly and hostile .
eyes on his friends has turned ugly and hostile
was there really an enemy ?
the eyes have turned ugly and hostile . ``
he had ugly , hostile eyes .
when he looked at his playmates turned ugly , they were hostile .
his friends , their friends , turn ugly and hostile .
his friends ' eyes appears to have turned ugly and hostile .
the dinner was n't on you ?
well , you ... do you want to eat ?
come on , for dinner ?
the dinner was going ?
i 'm sure you want to go to dinner .
just for dinner
and then that you want to eat ?
you want to eat , and you want to eat ?
is there a dinner ?
want a little dinner
imagine , the way i had to be happy and surprised .
i had to imagine i had to be happy ; and i was surprised .
i had to be happy that i had to be , and it , and surprised .
imagine how happy i had to be , is it so much ?
imagine how happy i 've had to do and how surprised me must .
you imagine how happy i had to be and surprised !
in the way i had to be happy and how surprised i was .
and i have to be happy i had to be . .
you can imagine how happy i was , and how surprised i was !
imagine is the pleasure i have to me and how much surprise .
i know . that money is a sheik oman is flashing .
the same oman will flash will blink her cash .
now , how 's the sheik oman ?
she was flashing the money like sheik oman .
hey , her money looks like a sheik oman .
i did n't see her money like sheik oman ?
as a sheik oman , he 'll blink his money .
how does the sheik oman blink ?
i flicked her money like sheik oman .
the money of the sheik oman .
the thing 's weird .
now it 's a weird .
this ... this is weird .
strange thing and fun .
oh , this weird .
well , this kind of weird thing to be fun .
my god , it was fun .
it 's weird , is n't it ?
one thing is weird .
really . fun thing .
they ' il laugh and fun .
then laugh and they 're fun .
so that they 're gon na laugh and fun .
they got fun and fun here .
go laugh and fun
then they laugh and enjoy it .
laugh , then fun .
they 're gon na laugh and fun .
how do they laugh and fun ?
laugh -LRB- laughing and fun -RRB-
and if you want it , you , six weeks to go .
okay , just take over four to six weeks .
it 's four to six weeks .
did anyone plan for four to six weeks ?
you'il just got ta do it in four to six weeks .
take it down in six weeks .
i only want you at six weeks .
there may be four to six weeks .
four or six weeks away .
the only supposed to be here in four to six weeks is planned .
of what i 'm saying ?
i 'm saying . what ?
what does it say ?
` what about me ? '
the thing about what 's saying ?
i-i does n't know what ?
tell me about what ?
i 'm saying what , and i 'm saying ?
the thing will be said ?
you tell me ... what ?
such thing things are n't supposed to be .
well ... you ought to you .
yours was supposed to be , like this .
you should be you , and you should be like this .
one and one .
and you should be
please ... like this .
come and be like this .
mr. shah is the one .
more people are like this .
now it 's a barbecue you met linda ?
now you , guys , do n't you know linda flower ?
any of you met , and you met linda flower ?
so does linda flower ?
you guys met linda 's barbecue flower ?
do you like linda 's barbecue ?
so does linda flower linda flower ?
i know you met linda at barbecue .
meet linda 's barbecue here ?
hey ... what do you met linda flower ?
ai n't they invite to d'hoffyn ?
d ` hoffyn has not been invited .
d ` hoffyn 's invitation is .
d ` hoffyn was not invited , he was it .
and d'hoffyn 's not an invitation .
his invitation was d'hoffyn .
i was invited by d ` hoffyn .
d ` hoffyn was not invited , and he never asked .
no one has been invited .
the d'hoffyn invitation could be asked .
i mean , course 's changed , right ?
`` is that change ?
like changing course ?
course 's changed ?
change your course by change .
course 's changed ?
the course is a change ?
course 's a change ?
ever in change ?
course , sir , change in .
the test was caused by her kidnapping .
maybe the tests that are responsible for her kidnapping would be .
such testing is about accusing her kidnapping .
it was , uh , possible tests for her kidnapping .
maybe the test for her kidnapping is her fault .
they might be responsible for her kidnapping . yeah .
maybe her kidnapping test blame
does it going to charge her kidnapping ?
maybe the tests are responsible for her kidnapping . yeah .
does it matter ... maybe the tests of her kidnapping ?
we 're going out of the disaster and that 's all right !
from the disaster will be removed !
the boss came from the disaster !
we 're going to leave the disaster !
now boss was going out of the disaster !
we 'll leave the disaster and get out of the hell .
get out of the disaster now !
we better get out of the disaster .
we 'll leave the disaster .
we 're leaving the disaster , boss , and we 're going to leave the disaster .
one thing . , one day , i guess , i 'm at the street .
my theater 's under the street level .
i remember , the theater 's under the right .
well , i ca n't remember that theater 's under the level .
and i do n't even the theater is under the street
the theater 's under the street , remember ?
now you ca n't remember my theater 's under the street .
remember that the theater 's below the street level
remember , to forget , there 's under the street .
my theater 's under the street
good thing is how great
cool , how 's cool .
the place will be great .
in the meantime , it was cool .
and it 's great .
yeah , look , cool down .
i guess it wo n't be good .
the place cool in .
how are i so cool ?
like this has been great
your food are coming ?
there 's no eating ?
do you think you 're eating ? of course .
like , you 're not eating ?
then you wo n't eat ?
hey , are you not eating ?
not your food plans ?
and no more is eating ?
all those guys are eating ?
you got to , uh , uh , right ?
why do n't you have weird ideas ?
your idea 's fun .
looks like one of your funny ideas
the way i really think you have fun ideas . ``
i 'm the one who 's mind .
funny idea and kind of idea
looks like you 'd have fun ideas .
looks like you thought it weird .
seem a little weird ideas ...
i guess you have weird ideas
that you 're weird .
hey , does he strike you as odd ?
you and that do n't strike you as odd ?
is n't that weird ?
one people thought you were weird ?
your name 's not going to be weird ?
how was the weird thing ?
because of you as odd ?
do n't think it 's weird , you know ?
isn think something weird thing ?
a little help will there be told ?
good to say someone 's helping him ?
and your thoughts will help him ?
i 'm telling me and did you tell him and help him ?
he says someone 's helping him ? to
is that possible to help him ?
you mean , did anyone help him ?
you mean , and someone helped him ?
someone 's help is there ?
give him up someone 's help ?
not what about luck ?
guys , that 's no luck .
nothing is no luck .
lucky it 's not ...
no luck with that ...
yeah , nothing luck ...
and it 's not lucky , but it 's not .
it 's been no luck .
no luck here .
can it be lucky ?
great , then speak . . .
the gryf was climbing on his strength and talking about the company 's command would be made by the right .
put the gryf on his back and talk to him with the words of command .
there was a strong return to the gryf , and talking about the command .
given the gryf 's return to his strong back , and talking to talk about the command .
the gryf ' s return to the back to his strong back and talk to him with the command .
after finally summoning the gryf she climbed into his strong back and talking about the order
after the gryf of gryf , she climbed to her strong back and talked about the command .
what 's going on ? after the gryf 's strength climbed up his strength . she spoke a firm word about command .
she have climbed into his strong rear , talking to the company about command .
grass 's rising from the wall are from the grass .
here 's the grass rising from the wall .
grass grass made grass from the wall .
that 's from the grass wall here .
i was growing grass from the wall .
that 's where grass is rising from the wall
raise the grass from the wall .
what 's going on , we , it 'll grow from grass from the wall .
got grass growing from the wall .
when the wall comes from the grass , grass rising .
no , no ... have a cup of coffee .
yeah , in fact , have a cup of coffee .
your coffee are going too .
you have a cup of coffee . ``
i think it 's going to be a cup of coffee .
and , for the coffee , too .
yeah . to the coffee was .
coffee has to go to coffee .
is coffee going to have coffee ?
it 's too much to go for coffee .
should consider all obligations carried out under this chapter , reconsideration .
these revisions should consider all obligations carried out under this chapter , and it is :
their revisions relate to any obligations carried out under this chapter .
consideration should be given to all obligations carried out under this chapter
this revision is therefore required to consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
and consider all obligations laid down in this chapter
these revisions should be considered to be carried out of the chapter , and they must be carried out there was any obligation .
revisions obligations carried out under this chapter .
they consider all obligations carried out by the chapter .
therefore consider that any obligations carried out under this chapter as well .
so i think this is an aggressive message ...
you think this is an aggressive message ?
i 'd say it 's an aggressive message
you 're quite aggressive . to you .
this message , huh ?
in this is an aggressive messages , right ?
a pretty aggressive message in the hell are you thinking ?
something aggressive messages and does n't it ?
a beautiful message can be aggressive , right ?
aggressive , huh ?
oh . get a clever way to get married .
the marriage 's intelligent way of way into marriage .
intelligent way of getting married ,
and there is an intelligent way of getting married . in a way of marriage .
see a clever way to get married ...
the marriage 's intelligent way of marriage .
is it going marriage coming ?
according to the marriage is intelligent .
intelligent way of getting married ...
intelligent was in for marriage . to
you did n't tell me you were upgraded .
and now you 've said you have upgraded ...
upgraded people will tell me .
the upgraded one of you said you get .
you ' ve 's saying you got upgraded .
people should be upgraded .
the upgraded people should n't be upgraded .
you said you ' re saying .
it 's okay . i said you got upgraded .
the people said you were upgraded .
now death has already burned by the lights on your own .
you burned yourself who burned face .
a fire burning your farts .
with the fire on your own .
at least the lights up to death by lighting your farts .
burned yourself a little dead by lighting your fucking time .
fire fire did n't burn you .
and you burned yourself . on your death . . . .
burn down when you burn your farting .
you just already burned .
it was built in the building , and the existing water and searing grid .
build it more than one of the existing water and the seating grid .
building this place has a building over the existing water and the seating grid .
up to the existing water and the seating the existing network .
this was built above the existing water and the seating grid .
they built and built above the existing water and searing grid .
to build this place above the existing water and the seating grid .
water 's been built in the area of the existing water system .
and they then i have n't built up more than the existing water and the seating grid .
build more than the current water and seating network
the gun supply pair
well , they 're both wearing guns .
they both have guns as they have guns .
and both of both have guns .
both of them have guns .
then both of them have guns .
both of them have guns .
both were wearing weapons .
gun two , big guy
i think both had guns . ``
do they also expressly compencompasse of the destruction of the list .
even if they are expressly compencompensate damage , for the removal of the list damages .
it is a special list of damages . to remove them .
in addition , there is a special list compensation , there .
`` it is described in the case compensation for removal .
they also expressly compenscation of the robbery .
they are also expressly compensating for removal .
they are expressly responsible for eliminating the removal of the list .
-LRB- b -RRB- a list of damages to remove them .
it also indicates damages expressly list the compensation for eliminating .
sounds kind of her .
that 's not sad to scream .
scream like that , sad .
# it sounds like she 's sad .
well , screams like she sounds sad .
she sounded sad to scream .
and they sound like a sad man .
it sounds sad , is n't it ?
sound scream -LRB- a man 's sad -RRB-
yeah . as sad as she sounds
oh , you taste .
his taste are what he has .
those are n't what they taste like .
what a good taste she has .
does it what it has .
the taste of it can be .
having a nice taste .
nice taste something good
what a nice taste she has .
what does taste good .
wife thanks for that
lady woman deserves it if you appreciate it .
such women are likely to appreciate your wife .
the woman woman was in the line .
just the women .
that should appreciate your wife .
taking advantage of your wife .
what 's your wife appreciate it ?
and your wife should appreciate it .
you should appreciate it and appreciate it with your wife .
the messenger from the envelope full of cash why ?
your messenger would n't give you the envelope for money .
this is the messenger who gave you the envelope for money .
in the courier , got the envelope full of cash .
bring the messenger to give you the envelope full of money .
the messenger has just delivered you the envelope full of cash , okay ?
why did the messenger give you the envelope full of cash ?
but the messenger came to your envelope full of cash .
just got messenger delivered the envelope full of cash .
but the messenger 's giving you the envelope full of cash .
are n't you just coming ?
come on , you 're not going ?
there 's no way you 're going ?
i was never on ?
no such little people
`` what do you mean ? `` you 're not going ?
come and come on your way ?
one day you'il never come in ?
hey 's not gon na come ? oh
i 'm you to come ?
i hate being trapped in bed , to the bed fell .
when i hate it , you get stuck in bed .
no , just in bed .
it 's true that i hate to be trapped in bed
just be trapped in bed .
i-i was trapped in bed .
it just more hates .
such hatred people are trapped in bed .
the way l must be trapped in bed .
you know , i hate to be trapped in bed .
you no have any compensation ?
two compensators out ?
some compenscation are they ?
any kind of them made compensation for that ?
all right , guys , do you think there 's any compensation ?
it 's just not going to be appropriate compensation ?
is there no such compencompasse ?
your new ones to compensate ?
my guess , i would n't have any compensation ?
what do you mean , some kind of compensation is ?
you stupid bastard .
who 's gon na kick his ass ?
that son of a bitch would have kicked his ass
son of a bitch gets kicked up his butt .
he 'll kick your ass .
that son of a bitch gets his ass , you . and he 's gon na .
`` that bastard 's gon na kick his ass . ''
if he 's gon na kick his ass , he 's crazy .
son of a bitch 's gon na kick his ass .
get that bastard got his ass kicked off his butt ?
in the case of a missing person , this is a woman from woodburne for her husband .
we 've got a missing person reporting from a woodburne woman .
her women will report a missing person from woodburne 's wife .
there 's no man 's report about a woman from woodburne for her husband .
here , i saw a missing man 's wife from woodburne 's wife .
there 's no man reporting from woodburne 's wife , reporting a missing man .
there 's wife of woodburne 's wife has been reported and there 's no one else .
are n't you talking about a missing people from woodburne 's wife ?
a man from woodburne female , reporting from a missing woman
report a missing person from a woman from woodburne for her husband .
your treatment is going to fight .
retreated retreated 's fight , no winning battles .
what treatment is that they win .
now it 's hard to fight for victory .
your treatment is never won by battle .
that treatment does n't win .
do n't you win any battles ?
and retreated does n't win the battles .
does the remedy do n't win battles .
in remedy not victory ...
seemed like you acting pretty much .
like you 'd seemed to act pretty much .
yeah , it looks like you were acting pretty much .
everything looks pretty good , apparently .
looks like you act pretty much .
i 'm sure you act pretty much .

i 'm really seem to be acting pretty much .
like a very regional behavior .
that looks like you were acting very ... at home
unknown little man died and said
tell me how he died .
no idea being how he died .
then he must be dead .
l do n't know how he died .
now he told me not to die .
well , the fact that he 's dead is unknown .
he 'll never know how he died .
he told me how he died .
no . you have no way he died .
oh , it 's going to break into the hotel room , like nixon .
the whole hotel room just takes nixon to the floor .
the hotel had the right way to go to the hotel .
the whole hotel broke into the room and went to nixon .
he used to break into the hotel room , just like nixon .
`` breaking into the hotel room , going on the way nixon fell .
that was the way nixon fell into the hotel room .
the break to the hotel room are the same way nixon went down .
in the hotel room , there are similar things nixon fell .
nixon entered the hotel room , going down the house .
the report on the autopsy ?
your autopsy just went on ?
this is an autopsy report ... ?
the report on the autopsy is reported ?
this is an autopsy report .
hey , um , autopsy news ?
here 's an autopsy report and say ?
such solicencel autopsy report ? report on an autopsy report in ?
an autopsy 's report did it ?
an autopsy 's on this autopsy ?
he also knew that nael was at risk of death .
in nael , it 's dangerous to die .
are you threatening nael to die ?
nael danger , your death .
nael 's more dangerous death .
do you threaten nael ?
nael 's at risk dying .
the nael also threatened her to death .
risk death . nael 's at risk .
nael 's at risk of death was dying .
your site is blocked by another content from this site .
your web browsing 's other content , too .
you have to help protect your web browse and saved content .
help protect your web browse be blocked by other content .
to help protect your security and your web browsing and other content is blocked .
the site will be blocked by other content in this area of security .
you can also help protect your security , your web browsing content from this site .
do you have to help protect your safety of your web browse other content

users continue to be saved by the security site , your web browsing other content ...
but the weight have been more than this .
that weight 's weight , i mean , i guess .
her weight 's more than this .
her weight 's a little more than this .
the weight exceeds was more than that .
if she 's weight , they rather have a little more weight .
she was weight a little higher than this .
it 's got a little higher weight .
they do n't have a much more weight than this .
the weight weight was slightly higher than this .
now they use intermittent explosions .
if they use intermittent news , it , it 's used .
intermittent fire tubes will be used .
someone used to use intermittent explosions .
and they use intermittent explosions .
now the news does n't use intermittent .
the intermittent explosion is ... used .
the news from the intermittent are to be used .
it 's not in use of the news from the tent .
okay , i 'm gon na use intermittent explosions .
i mean , my mother 's , she was .
was my mom 's .
he belonged to my mom and did .
if my mother did , she 'd be .
so mom 'cause mom did
well , it 's mum .
was he was my mom ?
the mother go .
so do you know my mom ?
now how do you have a mother ?
okay , he 's a new york employee .
new york will be an employee .
you 're a new york .
and then somebody will be a new york office employee .
new york 's office is working for him .
that he 's a new york employee
he 's not ... he 's a new york employee .
one employees come from new york .
so employees are working in new york .
that he 's a new york office has been here .
she was n't crying .
has n't nicole still crying ?
nicole 's still crying .
she 's been crying .
and so nicole kept nicole crying ...
they are still crying .
nicole screams on the other side .
nicole 's cry on the other way , too .
is nicole still crying ?
oh , with nicole still crying .
no stable .
no stable girl here .
of course , they 'll be stable girls .
were n't the girl stable ?
none of the girl 's girls in here .
and there 's gon na be stable .
have no stable girls .
your stairwell girl is not stable .
they were n't stable .
no stable girl girl has no stable .
so now , let 's dance .
like dancing ? in ?
you want to dance ?
is it just dance ?
i 'll dance .
is that your favorite dance ?
do you like to dance ?
come on , dance ?
do you like , you ca n't dance ?
you want to dance .
are n't you seeing a stone ?
these stones are seen around here
-LRB- scoffing -RRB- you see that stone around ?
you guys that see that stone ?
the stone over there looks like that ?
and is it around the stone ?
so many , see the stone ?
you see that stone and you see it ?
single sight one stone one day
i see that stone around here .
i 'll have fun .
it 's fun when it 's fun .
not even for fun .
and this is fun ?
one times more fun .
how i mean , fun .
if you know , it 's not fun .
give me fun moments .
funny times came out of it .
and it just gave me fun ...
there are such disrespectful things !
hey , do you feel disgusting !
can you disrespect you as if !
and how this will disrespect !
did you disrespect yourself ?
disrespectful , tell !
there was n't much disrespectful you were .
disrespectful ?
do you be disrespectful ! like you !
did you disrespect you like that ?
cardassia 's arrest , at the time of the klingon , he 's attacked him
one of the klingons is in the klingons attacked him .
who 's trapped at cardassia ? after the klingon attacked
cardassia 's trapped , the klingons attacked .
when the klingons attacked , cardassia could be trapped .
the klingon attack on cardassia has n't been arrested .
trapped at cardassia when the time attacked . ``
cardassia one in 's captors during the klingons .
they catch him at cardassia when the klingons attacked . ``
cardassia had been trapped , so far , so they attacked .
the death was mine dead just attacked .
the only one when i got attacked .
death is not as soon as soon as i 'm attacked .
to die just as soon as i got attacked .
dead death right after i just attacked
and the same instant i would have attacked .
i 'm dead . just to get attacked .
the death is just after i got attacked .
the death is just the time i got attacked .
death death while attacked .
applicant : the application for administrative position of administrative in eurosimply .
i asked applicants for the application for eurosimply .
and because of the administrative position of administrative position in eurosimply .
the applicants request , eurosimply .
applicants were invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
i want applicants , which are invited to apply for administrative positions in eurosimply .
applicants are invited and only in eurosimply shall be applied to the eurosimply .
`` there will be applicants to be requested in eurosimply . ``
they ought to invite to be applied for administrative positions in eurosimply eurosimply .
in eurosimply , applicants are invited to be requested administrative positions .
i-i promise your dream i 've been in front of you .
what do you mean ? i promise you that you to dream before mine ?
the dream was mine .
l swear my dream .
yeah . i-i can promise you that dream before mine .
it 's my promise , before my dream , too .
i-i promise i swear you 'd have before mine .
did you dream , and promise , and i promised you to dream before mine ?
promise before of my dream
i-i really promise your dream .
looking at her grandmother thinks she killed a bull .
they watch the girl after her grandmother 's killing a bull .
-LRB- sighs -RRB- the girl 's grandmother 's watching grandma kill a bull
girl 's watching grandma kill a girl .
the girl 's daughter watched her grandmother kill the bull .
i just got caught up with a girl watching grandma kill a bull .
girls watch their grandmother 's killing a bull .
now she does n't even watch his grandmother kill a bull .
girl is interested in watching grandma kill a bull .
girl is a girl and watched her grandmother 's killing a bull .
you 're afraid and get caught .
you 're afraid , but you 're going
i 'm afraid , what you 're gon na catch .
you scared the hell out of you .
it 's scary . i 'm gon na catch you .
all of you fear they 'll catch you .
i just ca n't catch what you 're afraid of .
the scary thing will catch you .
fear we'il catch you
fear is the catch .
water 's mixed with the pump .
it also makes water and pump .
you do n't mix the water with the pump .
water 's mixed water .
it 's water that 's water ,
water mixed water made that pump .
it 's just not enough to mix the water into the pump ...
with water , it 's a pump .
you put water in it was .
and your pumps will be mixed with water .
they all have differences ?
difference in here ? no .
anything different in here ?
in there were differences ?
so did difference ?
did i get any difference ?
you have any difference ?
will there be any difference ?
of course , was there differences ?
and do you have any differences ?
the doors got ta be found open , open fire .
fire , uh ...
people who need to be found open , light fire .
our space did n't even found open and burned .
somebody got ... to find the open area and light fire .
the area of opening is a fire .
it takes a look of open areas and a fire .
we'il just find open and light fire .
open areas and fire fire fire .
doors got ta be found open areas and light fire .
no one knew
none of this is to be certain .
yeah , how certain i not sure .
of course , no idea .
are you a man ?
one in fact , no certainty .
can i not be sure ?
i-i do ... i do n't know .
please do n't know .
you know about me .
`` sorry for a moment , mr. harriman does n't know ?
the harrimen excuse me .
apologies . harriman will excuse me for a minute .
sorry there will be a moment , mr. harriman ...
mrs harriman was just gon na excuse me .
no . sorry , mr. harriman .
a moment was , mr. harriman ?
sorry , mr. harriman .
sorry kind of sorry , mr. harriman .
i beg your pardon , mr. harriman .
you did n't son of a bitch !
shit will stop !
you stop and get out of here !
did you stop you to stop it ?
now you fucking stop it !
the son of a bitch
you stop and get out of here !
your ass is fucking bullshit !
did n't fuck !
stop right there , you son of a bitch !
apparently his stupid killer was up to the oyster .
he fucking threw a oyster at the clam .
i do n't think it 's silly to put oyster in .
his ass does n't really look like a fool to bring an oyster .
he 's gon na look like a fucking oyster the oyster .
how does a fool for the oyster in the clam ?
and the damn fool to give the oyster to the clam .
hell , stupid , stupid thing about the oyster .
this is gon na be a fucking fool to put a oyster on a clam .
who looks like a fucking oyster for the clam ?
the dark 's going to come out of the dark .
`` yes , if you continue to the dark only , only to enter the dark , dark . .
but i 'm sure you 'll keep it dark , take the dark to the darkness .
were you going to the dark just to the way out the dark .
it 's the only thing you 're gon na leave this darkness to enter the dark .
you 're not going to leave the darkness only in the dark .
you were n't really in the dark when you went away .
the dark 's presence is actually going to come into the dark .
there was no doubt that you would leave of this dark to enter the dark darkness .
to continue to the dark ...
his only wizard knew he was .
kalizkan , wizard and wizard known to know ,
how do you know kalizkan 's only wizard ?
well , the only wizard of kalia he knew .
well , the kalia knows .
kalia 's the only wizard 's wizard he knew .
kalizkan is a wizard and he knew .
the kalizkan wizard ...
when he knew , kalizkan 's the only wizard .
oh , they 've known kalizkan wizard he knew .
and the guy , he 's the guy , and jack asked .
jack do n't know who ?
be sure of whom ? ``
jack asks for you who ? `` jack ?
where 's the guy ?
of course , the men are asked ?
`` who is this guy , '' jack asked .
and with the guy ? `` jack asked .
of course , the man is asking ?
`` who is he ? '' jack asked .
well , the air are outta the air .
air , and air .
will we get the air off ? yeah .
no , it 's air .
air 's off .
fresh air is off
had we been outta the air ?
air 's outside was it .
we are outta air , and air , and it .
we are out there and leave air .
now it 's a beautiful blence .
banish blentin , please .
a beautiful blence and .
you ca n't be a beautiful blence .
a beautiful blentieth thing will be .
that 's a beautiful blence . oh .
blentin was a beautiful blentin and is it .
the blence was a beautiful .
blence does n't look good .
hey yeah
that 's ... stupid .
you know , and you think about the box .
i think about the box .
oh , thinking about that box .
mm . think about that box .
who 's thinking about the box ?
are you thinking about that box ?
can you think about that box ?
now you 'll think about that box ...
this box has a thought .
his hunger seems no hunger . to him .
seem not hungry at him today .
sounds , they seem not hungry today .
looks like he thought he 's not hungry .
and i guess he 's not hungry tonight .
does he seem to be hungry today ?
looks like he 's not hungry tonight .
one looks no hunger today .
today today , appeared to be not hungry .
looking like he 's not hungry tonight .
prove he killed kwak 's not killed proof .
not the proof of killing kwak was .
ca n't prove he killed kwak .
and there is no evidence that he murdered kwak .
never gon na prove he killed kwak .
he did n't have any evidence to prove he killed .
evidence of killing kwak ca n't be proven .
it was proven to be killed by kwak .
proof of his murder of kwak
prove , kwak murder .
does anyone really enjoy it ?
fun 's got a lot of fun .
has it been so much ?
well , so much fun .
and then it would be fun .
a lot of fun is going to be sure .
good fun to be sure .
it really really funny .
so it 's fun
the great fun guys are fun .
one of the leader
i did n't have a leader . to
none of the leader 's
he 's not leader , either .
could i not have the leader ?
the leader did n't come .
did you not have a leader ?
no leaders have been found .
this has been no leader
no one 's leaders .
just have n't been a terrible day .
it was a terrible day , ai n't it ?
bad days to be
so much a terrible day .
today is a terrible day .
it just could n't be a terrible day .
there 's a terrible day for you .
did today are a terrible day ?
well , it was a terrible day .
this is terrible , man .
stopping talk like a jerk .
stop talking like a fool .
is that like a fool ?
the shit people do n't talk like idiots .
talk ca n't be stupid .
stop talking like a fool .
you were stupid .
what do you mean , stop talking stupid ?
you should stop talking like a fool .
do not talk like a fool
inspector . there 's no fri 'm not a frat the street .
inspector 's got no frat on the street .
now we have no frat on the street .
he 's not a frat here .
`` who 's not a frat on the street ?
well , it 's no frat in the street .
inspector , that 's not the frat on the street .
in the street , he was not a frat .
inspector , do n't worry about the street .
and when we do n't have no frat on this street .
the tall fist saw him , flinched away .
i saw her fist , he 's seen him .
then fist saw him , flinched .
when he saw him , his fist saw him , he flinched .
he then gave him a tall fist .
did he fingers see with a tall fist ?
he really could see him , flinched .
they have a tall fist , seen it .
high fist . high fist .
see the tall fist , flinched .
yeah , and i 'm not gon na be upset ?
it 's really upset that you never wanted to ?
you never wan na be mad ?
you were n't really upset ?
you 're not gon na be pissed off ?
i do you ever wan na be mad ?
now it 's not gon na be upset ?
you were gon na be upset ?
you never wan na get mad at you again ?
the hell are you upset about getting mad ?
he has a flinched eyes .
as in his eyes , flinched , only slightly
okay , so his eyes flinched .
oh , i hear his eyes flinched .
eyes flinched eyes are n't much
i do n't know his eyes , just a little .
i could see his eyes flinched .
the eye was kind of flinched .
well , the eye is kind of flinched .
that 's his eyes flinched .
yeah . hey , who does n't swallowing his medication .
you 're not swallowing his medication .
how can not swallowing his medication ?
not swallowing 's medication .
little medication swallowing .
and no , that does n't swallowing his medication .
`` i did n't swallowing his medication .
and if he did n't swallowing his medication , he did n't .
no one 's swallowing medication swallowing .
take the medication off .
the clothes are needed to carry dust .
the whole thing was in your clothing that you had to wear dust .
you do n't have to wear gunpowder .
you have no need to wear dust , and you have to wear .
keep the dust from your clothes .
have no need for your clothing . not even with the dust .
i don ' t need to wear dust in your clothes .
did the dress require the dust ?
clothes is useless to wear dust .
the dress requires no dust on your clothes .
i just want to try to try to break mayan 's record .
well , the fact is suicide trying to break mayan 's record .
-LRB- man , -RRB- trying to be a suicide , trying to break mayan record .
only suicide and how to break mayan record .
you 're just a suicide trying to break mayan 's record
is trying to suicide to try to 's record .
i 'm just trying to break mayan 's record .
the fact is being suicide trying to break mayan 's record .
yeah , it 's just suicide trying to break mayan 's record , right ?
just how do you try to try to break mayan records ?
point point 'cause she does n't like me anymore .
look . point was that he did n't love me anymore .
well , let me know that she does n't like me anymore .
nothing was going to love me anymore .
you know , it 's just that he does n't like me anymore .
is he supposed to love me anymore ?
that 's the point he does n't love me anymore ...
see that , she does n't like me anymore .
did she love me for a moment ?
people know she does n't love me anymore
no , maybe just for a drink .
and drink too .
something to drink can be done .
did you want something to drink ?
you did n't want to drink .
i-i could and drink it .
you know . drink
i mean , the drink can be done .
yeah , and that 's what i could drink .
just too much and drunk .
select with them ?
little man has n't selected ? '
if he chose it , that he chose ?
the man chose it ?
such sure he chose ?
no , he was n't selected ?
even choice ? yeah .
the man man already chose them ?
hey , he chose it ?
guy chose it for him ?
well , pedangs ?
hey , you guys out there , watch it ?
` have you watched out , ` ?
yeah . watching out ?
and i watched out ?
hey . you watch out there ?
you watched out there , right ?
you 're out there ?
listen , man ...
well , the hell did you watch out ?
the fate was no such as you .
was it the same fate ?
the only fate is no such
just keep your fate like that .
oh your fate 's not like that .
you have fate no such thing here .
fate of yours in your fate
your fate 's not like that .
the fate thing was no such thing .
what does n't like your fate ?
the radio of the radio is disgusting .
how , such radio turnips ?
yeah . there you were .
the radio is fucking radio , and does it disgusting ?
your radio will suck .
that radio is on it was radio .
radio 's disgusting .
bad , these radio noises .
the radio job was pissed .
if the radio is bad , suck it !
was n't it gon na hurt ?
my god , it hurts like that ?
you mean , what hurts ?
`` and what hurts ? ''
with the pain ? yeah .
and what hurts , sir ?
you 'll hurt what ?
what about the pain ?
something hurts , and what ?
the pain happened well , huh ?
it 's not up to gino 's report .
have n't you have a report on gino ?
log report in gino and
and i report gino , because maurice 's report .
that report was recorded in gino report , of carlos
that report was made to gino by anderson
gino report has not been reported to carlos
well
they made a report on gino at and serena .
we have to report to gino at de los angeles .
installation
i easily install the light switch to work stations near the door .
easily access , close the lights to work station near the door .
it is possible to install the light switch to work stations at an easy location near the door .
their installation does not install light switch to work stations easily at the door .
the light switch to work stations can not be installed at an easy location near door .
these are not the lights to be installed at the work station near the door .
and then they were on the lights to work station near the door .
there 's a light switch to work stations at an easy location near the door ...
why is n't the light switch to work stations at an easy location near the door ?
it 's never going to be christmas .
more christmas have made of christmas
christmas was no good for me .
i don ' t care about christmas .
for christmas it is , no .
not really , i don ' t care about christmas .
christmas 's not christmas . let myself .
how do i not care about christmas ?
christmas 's not what i 'm interested in .
and i 'm not interested in christmas .
a couple of tips is to give me ?
any tips maybe ?
some tips were available ?
and you gon na give me some tips ?
well , i can get some tips .
any more tips for me ?
if you give you to you , some tips will give me .
can you get some tips for tips ?
any tips and some tips ?
if you want , maybe you can give me some tips ?
her smile 's ...
the smile on her does n't have to be mysterious sometimes .
her smile , which may have been mysterious sometimes .
she was also smiling , that might have been mysterious sometimes .
the smile on her also might have been mysterious and sometimes .
`` a smile , `` which may have been mysterious sometimes .
even i 'm smiling , which might be mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious time .
and she was also smiling , which could be mysterious sometimes .
when she was smiling , which might have been mysterious ,
that i smile at her , which may be mysterious at times .
well , in your opinion , you said , you were saying that wolf 's where his prey could be found .
little wolf does n't know where his prey is found .
you told me i need to find the wolf 's wolf is where he 's prey
tell me and find a wolf and find out where his prey is .
the wolf man was telling me to find his prey .
you tell you , i need to find wolf where the wolf is found his prey .
well , you saying i need to find wolf where his prey is .
`` it 's you tell me looking for wolf where his prey is found .
you tell me about looking for wolf where his prey is found .

when he was a coroner , i did n't even know .
he was a coroner who was a coroner .
that 's from the coroner .
the prof. has n't been a coroner .
the kang of the coroner is present .
he was a coroner , as he was .
and prof. kang , who was a coroner .
then who was a coroner .
kang kang 's being a coroner .
so to prof.
it does sound like someone killed .
a man would probably be murdered .
someone must have murdered .
a man does seem to be murdered .
there must just be a killer .
i guess someone 's gon na kill you .
`` looks like someone 's going on
they were murdered . someone killed .
as a way , a killer man would seem to sound .
someone gave me a murder .
remove windows setup did not finish your internet connection . ``
windows configure the windows setup 's not completed your connection .
windows setup failed to complete internet connection
when setting is completed , windows setup is not completed , the internet connection .
you could not completed windows setup on the windows setup , but ...
it is impossible to complete windows setup .
windows was unable to complete your internet connection settings .
windows setup 's not in the internet connection .
unable to configure windows setup and did not finish internet connection .
windows configuration of windows failed your internet connection .
nobody in this place could be saved .
no one saved nobody 's gon na save .
now i can save nobody in this place .
nobody can save this place save anyone .
such space is saved by nobody .
you know and that nobody could save .
i ca n't save anyone in this place , and i ca n't save anyone .
and out of this place it 's going to nobody .
is nobody ever save anyone . nobody
nobody saved this place .
vanessa of the victims of demons
is it also fallen victim vanessa ?
the vanessa may have fallen victims and so did the demons .
the vanessans also had the victims of demons .
the vanessa victim ca n't even be a demon .
vanessa 's gon na be the demons victim .
in addition , vanessa could also be victims of demons .
did he bring vanessa to be victims of demons ?
also , vanessa victims may have fallen into demons .
vanessa allowed victims to fall into demons as well .
more guard i know is the wrong thing ?
hey , is n't it bad for the guard what bad ?
the guard 's hitting at the guard , how bad ?
ca n't you pick up ?
take the guard , how bad you were .
on the guard , the way , how bad you were ?
you were just hitting the guard how bad you were .
the guards shot hit your guard , how bad enough .
the watch watch guards . how bad you were ?
i was hit by your guard how bad you were ...
this is seriously accusing her of stealing from her company .
can she face serious charges to steal from her company ?
there are serious charges to steal from her company .
this is a serious charge to steal from her company .
her company 's serious charges to steal .
seriously i believe she had serious about stealing from her company .
yeah . she 's face serious charges to steal from her company .
when she 's responsible for stealing from her company .
she is not serious about stealing from his company
woman faced serious charges to steal from her company .
can i speak english , science , chemical books ?
yeah . science : english , science ... chemical books .
speak , science . chemical .
as in english , science , chemical books
well , it was just like english , science , chemical books .
i 'm english . science . scientific . . .
science english chemical chemical books 's going on .
books science had also been english , scientific books .
when i 'm english , i am i a chemical books ?
the english will be my english , science , chemical books ...
somewhere in the steepest slope will also be an infinite rope .
somewhere on the steepest slope is endless rope . oh , yeah .
steepest slope 's going to be an endless rope somewhere .
when the steepest slope comes from , there 's an infinite rope .
and somewhere in the steepest slope , an infinite rope .
in the bottom of the steepest slope , infinite rope .
steepest slope part time , steepest rope infinite
next to the steepest slope is an infinite rope
somewhere in the steepest slope that 's infinite rope .
had some kind of infinite rope come up on the steepest slope .
anyone asked the foreign troops to sovereign land from france .
your foreign and army were to sovereign in france ?
two soldiers foreign army on a sovereign land of france
inviting foreign troops to sovereign land of france has not been taken ?
foreign military , invite foreign troops to sovereign land .
in france , it 's true . to invite troops to sovereign soil ?
foreign soldiers on sovereign land of france ?
i 'm not going to the foreign soldiers ... ... to the sovereign land of france .
foreign troops on sovereign soil ?
foreign troops , who were invited to the sovereign land of france , were there ?
we have made no place in solar systems without solar systems , no moons or planets , such a huge , feral creature ...
nothing to do with solar systems , no moons or planets , have such a huge , feral creature .
it is no solar system , no moons or planet , no planets that giant , feral creature .
no location of solar system without any moon or planets , such a huge , feral creature .
solar system has failed to find anywhere in any moons or planets , such as a huge feral monster .
i certainly did n't .
that and not being a solar system in solar system , not even in any moons or planets ...
did n't it even exist in solar system of no moons or planets , such a huge , feral monster .
nowhere we 're in the solar systems of no one from the planet , such a huge , feral creature .
it was no solar system , no moons or planets . . . to
who 's everybody going to kill ?
they 'll all going to kill themselves , man , man , man , man , everyone .
everyone did n't going to kill themselves
they 'll kill each other . ``
what am i going to kill ?
every man will all be killed .
i do n't even going to kill everyone .
well ... everyone 's killing .
just for everyone 's killing themselves .
they did n't kill each other .
i can also enable digital media
you 're not much better on your digital media .
also i can make it through network .
i was in the way to make digital media .
does it enable digital media to run ?
do not allow digital media to be sent to run .
if internet media , the digital media will be available .
the network 's not allowed .
your network is able to connect digital media
well
you are my afternoon .
guys , afternoon mine .
it 's mine this afternoon , it .
now you belong to me in the afternoon .
it 's your afternoon ...
afternoon is mine ...
tomorrow afternoon mine , one
things does n't belong to you this afternoon .
this afternoon was mine .
it 's gon na be mine this afternoon .
hey , man , you wan na put a locator strah 's mobile phone ?
and you ought to make a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
uh
please put a locator on strah 's mobile phone
the locator is ready to use your mobile phone ?
you 're gon na make a locator on strah 's mobile phone
now there are n't any locators on strah ?
you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
the locator on strah 's mobile phone will be set up ?
and if you want to put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
are you supposed to breakfast ?
did n't breakfast do it ?
if i have breakfast ? yeah .
it 's up to breakfast ?
you got breakfast on me ?
i 'm supposed to have breakfast , do , please , please .
good morning , please ?
okay , give me breakfast ?
i 'm supposed to make breakfast .
you brought that for breakfast ?
gon na leave for edo tomorrow .
edo n't , i guess you 're gon na go tomorrow .
it 's gon na leave tomorrow , and that tomorrow .
tomorrow 's gon na go tomorrow , too .
you 're gon na leave tomorrow , and for edo .
you got ta go tomorrow for edo .
it seems to go tomorrow and go to edo .
guess ` s'il leave for edo it tomorrow .
oh , i guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow .
i think you 're gon na leave tomorrow , but to edo .
then she felt the fear of her fear , which trisha felt guilty and frightened .
they have also thought that trisha 's fear of fear .
the thought of her fear , trisha felt guilty and frightened .
imagine , terrified trisha 's frightened trisha felt guilty and frightened .
thoughts scary about her fear that trisha felt guilty and frightened
there was a fear of her fear of which trisha felt guilty and frightened ...
she felt guilty and frightened as trisha felt guilty .
think that she was afraid trisha felt guilty and feared ...
and what do you think about her fear , trisha 's guilt and fear ?
trisha 's thinking of her frightened that trisha felt guilty and frightened .
i know . get 50 grand .
i got 50 grand for you . did n't it ?
five thousand to me , okay ?
maybe the 5,000 ?
5,000 's going to 50 .
5,000 , will you get 50 ?
do n't you think i 'm 50 ?
well , 5,000 , five thousand to get 50 .
the $ , $ 50 grand ?
the 5,000 man got me at 50 .
it 's going to be no time for sex .
no time for sex .
no time for sex .
time -LRB- no time -RRB-
no time for sex .
well , it 's not time to think .
no ... in the meantime , this time i should think about sex ... .
now , no time for sex .
did time mean sex ?
when is it not time for sex ?
is there no sex to compete ?
sex little appears to be a competition .
listen , sex 's not a competition .
no sex part will be involved in competition .
and now we 're talking about sex .
go ahead , i do n't have sex with competition .
it 's not sex and that does n't a competition .
your sex is no longer a competition .
what sex does n't belong to competition . sex .
no sexual products have no competition .
what have you not hear his majesty 's order of order of the majesty ?
and so he 's unable to hear his majesty 's order ?
are you not here ? heard the orders of your majesty ?
you know his majesty 's orders you ?
if you have n't heard his majesty 's majesty 's majesty , that is true .
no , uh , have you heard his majesty 's order ?
this is impossible to hear his majesty 's order ?
could i have heard his majesty 's order ?
his majesty has to be told ?
you heard the order of his majesty ?
i 'm not really licking him .
i want to lick him .
yeah . wan na lick that ?
you of you 's licking this ?
when you 're licking , i , i 'll lick him .
the man was licking ?
the man will lick him ?
you want to lick him ?
licking this one ?
you'il lick , huh ?
ca n't you have all this amateur ?
anyone here takes a thing to you ?
and all this time for amateur ?
hey , well , did you bring of this ?
how do you feel about this amateur ?
amateur time , please ?
amateur and hormone are here ?
you 're talking about all this amateur ?
i got a whole time about the situation .
have all this amateur ? - what ?
our plan not to tell people is said .
our plan does n't tell people , and we do n't tell people .
we have no intention of telling people .
said plan . do n't tell people .
our plan 's not to tell people .
we were n't in our plan that we told people .
plan we never tell .
we did n't and told people .
our plan of our people has never been told .
we got ta tell people our plans
all experiences will be to see the game or the game or anything like this .
i got a new experience for seeing a game or a game or something like this .
full of new experiences for me to see a game or a game
i know ... i have a game or a game or the game all about my new experiences .
i was full of experience for me to see the game or the game .
do n't you get all about my new experience a game or playing games or anything like this ?
all of this new experience is that i can see a game or a game or something like this .
i have a new experience for me , i see a game or a game like this .
when i see the game or game game or anything like this whole new experience .
you have a new experience that i can see a game or a match .
who 's defending you and defending them ?
your defense is against who ?
hey , who 's defending you ? -
well , he 's not a defense ?
do you ... . . to defend against ?
it 's defense , who 's defending ?
and who 's defending you ?
and who 's defending you ?
defense people fought it ?
in defense , sir ?
everybody scream everybody ca n't scream
`` so , everybody , everybody screams .
the scream of everybody .
and how is everybody screaming ?
oh , they scream .
are they screaming then ?
scream up all the time .
all right . no .
every man screamed at him as well .
were they all screaming ?
sir
it was an empire country that might have been able to justify the economy aspideroids .
empire 's going to use this sort of thing to justify the reason for the haste .
it was an empire to use such an empire to justify the economy aspirations .
empire countries are allowed to use such a kind of thinking to justify the
perhaps the empire uses this kind to justify the economy
we use this kind of empire to justify an empire to justify ...
well
how did an empire country use such a thing to justify the economy 's economy ?
empire is able to use this kind of country to justify the reason .
all need attention to focus on the security of the minister ' s visit
they focus on the security for the minister .
listen , listen , focus on the security of the minister .
so we all focus on security for the minister ' s visit
very important to focus on the visit of the minister .
oh , my name was .
i need all focus on the security for the visit the minister .
this is a matter of the minister ' s visit .
that 's what i need to focus on the security of the minister . to visit .
every one of us needs safety for the minister ' s visit .
his treatment is no problem , treating him as a solution .
never sees the problem as a problem , treating him as an opportunity for solutions .
no one was looking at the same as trouble as problems as problems like solutions .
you 're not seeing this as problems , treating them as a solution .
and he never saw him as a problem , treating him like solutions .
you don ' t looking at him as trouble treating him as if there ' s possible solutions .
it 's not a problem . treating him as an opportunity for solutions .
don
i never saw that the problem was treated as problems , treating him as an opportunity for solutions .
nothing looks like trouble and treat him as an opportunity for solutions .
i 'm talking about the only one who are not laughing .
we were such a joke to not think that ...
no one does not think it 's funny and is not sound .
the only of us ca n't think it 's funny
and i guess everyone else , that 's not funny .
according to us , it 's the only thing that 's not funny .
i was just as not as funny as that .
the man did n't think it was funny .
is it just being the only one who 's not funny ?
it makes us the only those who are n't funny .
time friends wants to be friends ?
anyone wanted you to be friends ?
you 'll be friends
and your friend is going to be friends ?
he 's a friend ?
i 'll be friends .
oh . want to be friends ...
and i wish i 'd ever be friends .
it 's really nice to be friends ?
hey , are you friends ?
fools do n't know what ?
i just heard you crazy '' ?
stupid son of a bitch ?
the biggest bastard is coming ?
fools did where it is ?
asshole ! where 's that bellies ?
i 'm an asshole .
scoundresses ?
asshole ! where is that bellies ?
you asshole , and you 're bleachery ?
oh , do you think you can not respond to 300 mg thorazine ?
what could be able to answer to three hundred mg thorazine ?
it was impossible for you unanswered 300 mg thorazine ?
you ' bout 300 mg ?
you can not respond to 300 mg thorazine and it 's not possible .
disproportionate response from 300 mg thorazine ?
so what if you were unanswered at 300 mg thorazine ?
like a three hundred mg of 300 mg thorazine ?
disagreement toward 300 mg thorazine is `` it 's impossible .
i do n't know how you can answer 300 mg thorazine ?
according to sabat , sabate kills the bandits .
so ... to kill the bandits .
how do the sabate kill the bandits ?
sabat 's killing of them is a kills bandits
`` sabate kills the bandits . ''
sabat sabate to the bandits . ``
then they killed the bandits .
sabat bandits are killing them .
and sabate 's killing the bandits .
they want to kill bandits killed bandits killed bandits . ``
everybody 's known .
very familiar here .
okay , everybody , let 's know .
we all knew it .
we can know .
all of us knew .
everybody here .
everybody , all know .
everyone knew and knew .
every man everyone knows it .
it 's about you that you 're not afraid of death .
no further fear was death .
you just do n't worry about dying .
i 'm not being afraid of death .
been afraid of dying .
how does it feel no longer fear death ?
you have no fear of death .
no more fear of death .
fear of death no more fear
fear that you that 's not dead .
you get that kind of weird around here .
in this area , i think it 's weird .
`` i know . things kind of weird happened around here .
it 's gon na be a little weird ... . because of course there .
let 's get a little weird around here .
yeah , yeah , weird stuff , man ,
well , something weird , man .
let 's get a little weird around here .
it 's a little weird , and just a little weird .
everything got a little weird around here .
one newspaper sales did n't sell .
never sold the newspaper .
in the paper sales . no newspaper .
paper sales were never sold .
no good news they did n't sell ...
no newspaper will be sold .
and without selling the newspaper , i mean , they did n't sell the newspaper .
i 'd never sell the newspaper .
well , i never sell the newspaper .
no newspaper will be sold .
that bastard will be back .
and bastards are n't .
come on , `` i know , ` bout bastard .
fucking son of a bitch .
he 's , uh , asshole .
this bastard and his back .
ca n't i get that bastard back there ?
son of a bitch ...
was he returning this bastard ?
this bastard 's the bastard .
i 'm not . you hate hard girls .
well , what about the hard girls ?
your love 's not as hard girls .
you never liked the hard girl with you .
you and i were trying to hate girls with girls .
and don ' t love hard girls
you hate and love hard girls .
you'il never love hard girls or love them .
one is no good with the girls .
you don ' t happy . enjoy the hard girls ...
it 's not all about lucky seven ?
are you interested in the whole ?
happy seven , all men ?
it 's gon na be all about lucky seven ?
in 7 years there 's luck ?
everything will be found in seven .
well , if you wan na make all the whole lucky seven ?
i just got up to seven lucky ?
that was a lucky seven ?
people wanted to make a lot of luck seven ?
burton depended on him to wake up the others at the right time .
he took burton up .
hang out with burton 's addiction to wake up the others .
they 've depended on him so he can wake others in the right time .
burton relied on him , woke up at the right time .
it 's burton addicted to wake up at the right time .
the burton relies out on him waking up at the right time .
the other people depend on burton reliably at him to wake up .
burton in a time burton 's right time for him , waking up .
burton depended on him to wake the others at the moment , please .
the coffee is percoiled , you know .
coffee . coffee ca n't be found .
we 're percosting coffee .
we 'll make coffee .
coffee in the coffee does n't exist .
what does coffee matter ?
coffee 's on the ground .
we 'll make coffee .
i mean , i have a coffee .
we were percosting coffee .
does have a nice shotgun .
that did n't have a nice shotgun .
the gun is a nice gun that you have .
a nice shotgun too .
there 's a nice shotgun .
also , and there 's a nice shotgun .
yeah , that 's a nice shotgun .
gun must be pretty good .
i also think of a nice shotgun .
your gun is a nice gun .
well , the film i 've ever seen .
make the best film i 've ever seen .
will it be the best film i ever seen ?
we 're in the best , the best film i 've ever seen .
i never have a better film .
film is the best and that i 've ever seen
this movie 's the best i 've ever seen .
hey , man . look at the best movie .
have you seen the best film i 've ever seen ?
i never seen a better film .
does n't he sending a real killer ?
- one -RRB- one chance was sent by a real killer .
only in one chance . the real killer sent him
i think they sent the real killer .
one chances that the real killer was sent .
chances . the real killer 's sending him .
if you could , he was sent by a real killer .
one of the chances of the real killer just comes in .
yeah . yeah , have one chance to send the real killer .
this is possible to send a real killer .
yeah , making me upset me . and not worried .
`` of course i 'm upset . ''
well , how is it that i 'm afraid to be upset ?
is he really upset about me ?
and i 'm worried about being upset .
fear concerns are also upset about me .
fear of me with fear of fear
you 're afraid i 'm upset .
the fear upset and upset me .
it made me angry because i was afraid of fear .
see i 'll get the same deferential treatment you have given me .
i-i got the same deferential treatment you gave me .
do n't let me get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
all right , get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
that i 'll get the same deferential treatment you 've given me .
the same treatment comes out of my deputies .
i saw the same deferential treatment as you gave me my deputies .
so will i get the same deferential treatment you have given my deputies .
i ' m going to be the same as my deputies .
i 'll get the same deferential treatment , and i 've given deferential treatment .
what do you mean , loss is serenormity , divine calm ?
god bless this loss .
in this loss , heaven 's gon na calm down .
no , my god was calm , divine calm .
the loss is a serenity and is a divine calm .
a divine calm was lost in this loss .
god peace was lost in this loss .
yet it was that the loss was serenority , a divine calm .
the lord calm was a serenity .
but the loss 's a serenity , a divine calm .
listen , baseball 's gon na be the first league .
in the first league was convinced that baseball .
baseball league 's first , just as i thought .
first league of the idea what i 'm thinking
all the baseball league ?
did you think about the baseball first league ?
baseball first thinks , and what i guess , and how i think .
all the league will think about it as i think .
baseball 's in first league for me .
he thinks baseball league as i guess .
okay , is n't this is a chance to buy ?
better than buying forecasts ?
you got a forecasts to buy forecasts ?
there is a chance to buy forecasts ?
it 's not a chance to buy
oh , i mean , buying forecasts ?
do n't ever buy a foresee ?
purchase forecasts exist ?
you got any forecasts ?
-LRB- ? buying -RRB- buying forecasts ?
my hunger was no hunger .
no , no .
i 'll be hungry .
never i do n't want to be hungry .
no , no , no .
but why does it make me not hungry ?
nothing got my hunger from hunger .
if i do n't , it 's no hunger .
it makes me no hungry . ``
nothing hunger for me .
you 're also involved , mrs nehru ?
i 'm involved too . to miss nehru .
have you been involved , mrs nehru ?
he 's involved , mrs nehru ?
and so he belongs to you too ?
mrs nehru do n't belong to you ?
in addition you were you , mrs nehru ?
you too your part ?
well , even if you 're involved , mrs nehru ...
you 're also involved , mrs nehru ?
another miscarriage and justice ?
the next miscarriage of justice has to be ?
it 's a different judicial abortion ?
what 's other justice ?
and he 's not gon na be justice ?
your justice does n't have any further miscarriage ?
there was another miscarriage of justice .
so , and again ?
you know , and another miscarriage of course justice ?
it 's about another judicial abortion
everything else was mine ?
this is my whole thing ?
i only belong to you .
all of this is going to be mine ?
everything belongs to me ?
if you mean , it was mine ?
you mean , this is everything mine ?
like ... this is all mine ?
my being all mine ?
i mean , this is everything mine ?
there does n't matter if you .
you stop being an asshole , but he 's an asshole .
come on , stop it .
stop being an asshole .
he does n't really like a dick .
like an asshole .
well , you 'll never be an asshole .
all the times are dick .
stop it , you son of a bitch .
well , the little ca n't be an asshole .
was n't dad still smoking .
my fathers were still smoking .
she smoked up all the time when my mom was pregnant .
my parents smoked when my mom was pregnant .
`` she 's been smoking since she was pregnant .
it 's my mother 's pregnant , dad 's still smoking .
the father was still .
having , daddy smoke .
after my mom 's pregnancy , dad is still smoking .
the mother mother had a smoke when dad kept smoking all the time .
and you are lucky .
being and being a man
it 's lucky man .
so how come you 're lucky ?
you are lucky .
you did n't get lucky .
you just were n't lucky .
you are the lucky guy and lucky and lucky .
well , you are the lucky man .
let 's get lucky .
nothing stops one one
can you stop me out ?
no stopping and not stopping .
nothing stop ever came back from me .
in the meantime you 're impossible .
none of this stopped me .
no stopping by .
it 's not over . i can stop
well , i can not stop , and i can not stop .
i have no stopping .
in danger , you , innocent people ?
innocent life risky life ?
put an innocent life in danger . risk .
put out , innocent lives ?
yeah . putting innocent lives in danger ?
is there gon na be innocent lives ?
innocent people have innocent people 's lives , do n't you think ?
hey , did innocent people risk ?
the innocent lived , and risks , and what ?
innocent people , innocent life ?
and that 's crazy .
-LRB- man -RRB- are you crazy .
and what 's crazy about that ?
that 's a crazy way
go crazy , you know .
the way 's that crazy .
well , do you think that 's crazy ?
crazy thing can be .
the crazy things are going on .
way crazy to go .
wha s not his motive ?
the motive are over ?
if his motive , something to do , right ?
what about his motive ? - oh , yeah .
that 's not his motive up ?
reason nothing wrote that , please ?
reasons nothing is written by him ?
there are no reasons for his motive written
okay , little motive in writing to you ?
what about his motive ? why is he writing ?
there was nothing but oyarsa was afraid of .
nothing , then , malacandra ... no fear , except oyarsa .
malacandra should be afraid of anything but oyarsa .
there was nothing left to fear in malacandra except oyarsa .
you have no intention of fear in malacandra except oyarsa .
the only fear was nothing to be feared malacandra except oyarsa .
do n't worry about anything , except oyarsa ,
but fear no one more time in malacandra .
it was nothing but when he was worried about malacandra .
it was no longer , and fear of malacandra , except oyarsa .
no one will be late .
the only made sure you 're not late .
now what do you want to make sure you 're not late ?
just make sure you 're gon na be late ,
now it 's too late .
the only little late come to you .
that you 're not gon na be late .
how did you not get late ?
all of you were gon na be late .
no one is gon na be late .
` pain was born , ` said anger .
pain , anger , when he was born .
pain 's in anger .
pain of pain from pain .
no . pain gave birth in anger .
the pain then gave birth to anger .
it 's a pain of anger was born .
pain 's pain was born of anger .
pain is full of anger .
he just did n't give up pain .
the barrenger also molests with small girls .
barrenger will always be making little .
take barrenger while you have little girls .
barrenger molesting is a little girl .
you have a barrenger . you have a little girl .
it 's just that barrenger molesting little girls .
oh , i know 's got little girls .
well , there 's still a barrenger molesting little girls .
when you have barrenger , that girl is , too ?
the barrenger is a little girl , you know ?
home here is at 9 : 00 . to the girls ' house .
you came to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
just brought the girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
it 's at 9 : 00 in the evening .
bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening
girl home will be at 9 : 00 in the evening .
come to the girls ' house at 9 : 00 this evening
how do you even bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening ?
you 're not here to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
`` it 's a girl at 9 : 00 in the evening .
the war led me to war with youth .
when i was young , i led the war .
i was young , i led the war .
the young man who led the war .
baby war was already going to war .
we'il be fighting in my youth .
in my youth , it 's a war .
no , i was in my youth .
well , this is a war in the war .
was it a war in my youth ?
just like you 're smart .
the way smart . like that .
someone was being smart .
do you be clever .
well , it 's not a clever thing .
a clever man come on .
you do n't even smart .
yeah you were smart .
then you 'll be smart
people do n't look smart .
the mask . delogations , permanent removal .
how to remove the mask for permanent removal .
this was removed by masks .
it removes to remove the permanent removal ...
i want the mask removed forever .
one of the masks to be removed forever .
it takes a mask to remove it forever .
i forever removed the mask .
he removed the mask for permanent removal .
which mask is the mask of the permanent removal .
no , of my choice , i would have taken merlin with me .
i have a choice from merlin with me .
obvious choice of merlin would i pick up with me
the ones of me , of course , of merlin .
looks like i should have chosen to merlin with me .
- obviously would have taken merlin with me .
i do n't know if i had merlin , she took merlin too .
yeah . obviously i would have taken merlin with merlin .
what a choice , i guess i would have taken merlin with me .
i took merlin with me , of course .
who 's gon na have sex with virgins too ?
you said your friends were gon na have sex with virgins ?
how much do your friends want to have sex with virgins ?
when all your friends want to have sex with virgins , too ?
all friends do n't want to have sex with virgins ?
everybody friend , virgins sex , virgins thing ...
when all your friends want to have sex with virgins , too ?
all your friends were interested in having sex with virgins ... ? yeah .
and he 's all your friends trying to sleep with virgins ?
you were with virgins ' sex with all your friends ?
well , i mean , what we do is play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
we 're not going to play a strong , high-energy kind of stone .
we were playing a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
but come on , what we play very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
the game really ...
there 's only a very powerful and high-energy kind of stone .
of what do we do is play a very powerful and high-energy kind of stone .
no
well , we do n't play very strong , high-energy kind of stone .
we were just playing a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
let your mom like this ...
yeah , your mom 's gon na love this .
mom loved that thing ! - oh , yeah .
mom loved it like that .
if your mom likes it , you love it .
your mom was happy about it .
you got it from your mom !
it 's not true your mom likes it .
you love your mom .
your mom will love it ... and so do n't love it .
entire , which is evacuated .
space will not be evacuated ...
the entire area 's evacuating .
give me an entire area .
what 's it evacuated area ?
the entire areas ... evacuated .
all of this area of evacuated .
evacuated
yeah , the entire area 's evacuated .
the area is already in evacuation
none of you were listening !
of course , no one of you listen .
now you got no listening !
listen to me and listen to me .
that 's no listening ...
hear no more .
no one 's listening !
people are not listening !
no ! you 're not listening !
no good thing is on you .
the bizarre thing thing will really be !
of course , it , it 's bizarre .
and that 's weird . in what ?
the things were weird !
hey , do you think that 's weird ?
a strange things that is !
the things thing was odd !
he 's not like that 's bizarre !
i mean , what 's weird ...
the weird thing about this has already happened !
now i know , and there 's not in the machine .
did you not find anything in the machine ?
if you do n't , he 's got anything in it .
yeah , do n't you know this machine
can you get into the machine that you do n't have anything ?
little machine , such machines ...
`` no , i do n't know anything about the machine . ` said sir .
to do n't in the machine .
you know , the machine never exists in anything .
that machine does n't have anything
they did n't listen .
i was listening .
`` no one 's listening .
now he does n't listen .
no , -RRB- no one 's listening .
i just have no listening .
they did n't listen to me , okay ?
but they do n't listen .
when they do n't listen , they do n't listen .
no one listened and does n't and listened .
this is not enough to start with an ass-kicking up your ass that comes from a concrete .
and then there wo n't be an ass-kicking with a perfume .
not gon na start with an ass-kicking up a tube .
the ass-kicking man was beginning to flow of his butt that poured a concrete .
it 's also going to start with an ass-kicking the concrete .
it was an ass-kicking would begin with an asshole flowing with a concrete .
oh my god , flying , starting with an ass-kicking ass flowing into a concrete .
and an ass-kicking 's gon na start flowing butt flowing into the concrete .
ass-kicking 's own butt starts when he comes to the concrete .
oh
a joke that 's going online with a doctor and a joke about students ?
a joke ... related to a doctor and every student ?
it 's a joke that 's going online with a doctor and a doctor doctors ?
is there a joke around ?
`` did you hear a joke about a doctor 's internet and all the students ?
did you hear a joke that 's going online with a doctor ? to all to a student ? to

you heard that joke about the doctor and all the time ?
you ever came up to hear a joke about a doctor and a student 's doctor .
and the joke would n't be around the internet with a doctor and all the students ?
would n't she have left her mother alone ?
her mother will leave him no matter what she will do .
yeah , do she leave your mother alone ?
not i never thought she 'd leave her mother 's mother .
and she 's not going to leave her mother alone .
her mother did n't want to her .
if she did , she 'd be away from her mother .
one of them left her mother .
no one . go away from his mother .
no matter she 's gon na leave her mother alone .
the feeling of such an amazing thing .
this is going great .
it was beautiful .
the feeling of that was beautiful .
one , i guess . feeling great , one thing .
something has been beautiful .
all your feelings are really beautiful , as i am .
beautiful feeling , sir .
and it was an amazing feeling .
his feeling was such an amazing feeling
there is a way to assess how the impact of the test results .
the technical negotiations do not follow how the way to assess the results of the results of the test .
and technical negotiations are in the way that the results of the test results .
technical negotiations on the basis of the test results , and the way to be assessed .
the way to assess the way of .
as the performance of the test results can be assessed , carry out .
as far as the test results can be assessed , they carry out a way .
this applies to technical negotiations as to be assessed results .
thus
it can be assessed technical interviews by technical negotiations as possible .
why did n't everyone know your various equipment ?
everyone , does n't all know your various equipment .
why do n't you all know your various equipment ?
all right , know everything about different equipment .
all people here know about your various equipment .
they were all familiar with your various equipment .
everyone knows your various devices and is different and equipment .
everyone people can know your various equipment .
they know your equipment , and that your equipment .
everyone 's familiar with your equipment .
the result was caused by a warm period .
what about the warm period ?
it 's mostly warm , which is the period .
these two are mostly warm times .
the year 's period occurred mostly .
mostly , we have a warm period .
if you know , it will not be warm .
had this happened in a warm period ?
i found this in a warm period .
let 's say , that 's mostly warm time .
bear 's not rascals do n't rascal .
without wearing rascal ridge
well , that 's no rascal ridge .
bear has had no rascal !
`` bear , you know .
they 're taking the bears out of rascal !
go ahead , bear 's not rascal !
the bear has no rascal !
is that with no rascal ridge .
what do bears have no rascal ?
is that your stuff for you ?
you got everything to be yours .
everything gave you everything .
the place belongs to you and yours .
no , he 's not .
even the place does n't belong to you .
everything 's on your side .
everything belongs here for you .
and you got everything .
whole things belong to you for you .
such an awkward silence will at least be quiet .
the silence makes us at least .
are n't there any more uncomfortable silence .
did we get the unpleasant silence ?
at least thing we could do was that uncomfortable silence .
i suppose it 's so embarrassing silence .
the unpleasant silence was a good .
and that 's like a very uncomfortable silence .
our silence 's at least so uncomfortable .
this is a bit of an awkward silence .
you 're tough .
that 'll be tough ...
very hard to do .
that 'll be tough .
very difficult time for you .
you 're tough .
things -LRB- in a difficult way -RRB-
and it 's gon na be tough .
the called man wo n't be difficult .
the hard time gone
you visit me late at night ...
and the night just came to me late .
night is still not visiting me .
late night came when i was visiting you .
visiting you late evening
well , tonight will be my late visit .
yeah , and your late visit 's late .
do i have a visit late night ?
you know , i visit me late nights .
you both visited by the night .
why do n't you wait for half an hour ? kill her ?
you 're not waiting for half an hour ... and 30 minutes .
come on , wait until half .
hold on half an hour to kill her .
you did n't wait until half an hour ago .
the murder time is 30 minutes away .
wait half an eye on the road
in half an hour ... . . . kill her .
well , you gave her 30 minutes to go .
oh , that 's 30 minutes to go .
this was supposed to be a seemed of the tendency to talk about all the dames .
looks like tramps are a tendency to talk about today 's people .
tramp talk does n't seem to be the tendency to talk about all the dames .
how can the tramps appear to be the tendency to talk about today ?
, however , talking like tramps is a tendency for all the dames
now it seems the tendency to talk about tramps today .
can i talk like tramps are a tendency to all the dames .
let 's talk like tramps are a tendency for all those dames today ?
tramp did n't even seem to be the tendency to talk about all the dames .
spoken tramp would appear to be the tendency for everyone else today .
when the hellish , they were proud , the smile on the smile .
even if they have the damn conditions , their smile is proud .
`` but under the hellish conditions . there were always such pride in smiles .
they are always proud of the hell of the conditions that have always smile .
their smile 's always going to the hellish conditions that his smile was always their pride .
the hellish damn thing with their smiles that always have their pride .
even under the hellish conditions , the smile of the smile of the man 's pride .
even the hell 's of a smile of a smile of their smiles that have always have always have always been proud .
in these hellish conditions , the smile is always the pride of them .
that 's the hell of a smile on the hellish .
explaining this to damon , but damon drinks hydrochloric acid here .
however , it is necessary to explain that damon is actually drinking hydrochloric acid .
explain to her explanation must have to be made but is essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
yeah . something ...
it be necessary to explain it , but damon the way to drink hydrochloric acid .
is that a certain explanation for this , but damon 's essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
it was probably a little senses to explain , but damon was basically drinking hydrochloric acid .

was it having some kind of senses to explain that damon was actually drinking hydrochloric acid ?
damon is likely an explanation for that , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
you should have made sure there was no violence , but be sure .
you should just have made sure that no violence
well ... should you should have made sure there was no violence .
it 's really making sure you should n't have been violent
surely no violent is in your mind .
what you should have made sure it was no violence
sure you should n't have no violence .
it 's and you should have made sure there any violence did n't happened to happen .
it 's about you . to make sure that no violence has occurred .
well , if you should have made sure you , you did n't have any violence .
do you have an accurate figure here ?
yeah , had no accurate figure .
none of the exact numbers is here .
yeah . numbers were not accurate .
did n't have an accurate figure , but did n't .
without an accurate figure it , he did n't figure .
could n't we have an accurate figure ?
it 's not accurate .
i could n't find an accurate figure .
why did n't he have an accurate figure ?
you want to go back to lunch , sir ?
we should go back and have lunch ?
and that 's lunch ?
then we got lunch ?
hey , i suppose we could go back to lunch .
we 're gon na have lunch again
we got any lunch ?
the time is it that we should return for ?
so if we go back to lunch , you know ?
i 'd better go back to lunch .
dave did n't play tonight ?
dave 's going to play tonight ?
dave still tonight is what we 're gon na play ?
how would dave be playing tonight ?
please , this is dave to play tonight ?
are we gon na play dave ?
oh , this is dave to play tonight ?
in the evening , he 'll play , dave ... ?
you want dave to play tonight and play tonight ?
will you say dave is dave tonight ?
what does it mean , lucky ?
and what 's your luck ?
the luck really is yours !
has it been lucky and lucky ?
i wish you luck .
and what 's your luck ?
the luck are coming !
you 're lucky . can you ! you !
so the lucky man will be lucky .
you have good luck ...
the pleasure to confess to you were in both in both of you .
that i have to confess that you were happy to work with you , too .
but i-i must n't admit that you were delighted to work with you both .
i . one more of the pleasure of working with you , of course .
did i accept the pleasure of working with you both .
is that really ?
that must not be the pleasure of working with both .
yeah . what 's got to admit is that you were happy work with you .
so i have to admit that i have been happy to work with you both
we ca n't accept what i have been happy to work with you both ...
no one will hope ?
be careful not to drains ?
drains , i hope not .
it 's not drains . . . to
i have no hope ?
the drains were i hoping ?
drains nothing , one . hope ?
drains , i hope not .
drains i hoped out ?
no drains , and i hope .
or in any chance , expecting a fast rising toll .
death toll is not a hurry .
he waited or if he would increase the number of deaths quickly .
i do n't , death toll rising fast .
he would expect a fast rising toll , or if he had expected .
i suppose if there will be expecting a fast rising quickly rising toll
oh , otherwise , wait for the number of deaths .
any other expected to increase the number of deaths quickly .
we otherwise expect a fast rising toll .
there 's a fast rising toll coming out of death .
he thought , the bank had too much risky . ``
think of the bank too much of a risk .
they 're taking too much risk . ``
a great deal of risk in the bank .
i think the bank thinks it was too risky .
bank thinking too much risk 's going on .
and the bank thinks it 's too risky
the bank thinks it 's too risky , and it 's too much .
think the bank is too risky
i guess the bank thinks he was too risky .
he sends an apology for sending him out . . . to
he 's sending an apology , but then he 's examiner .
such apologies , he 's examiner .
the little excuse thing here sends an apology to him .
in the end , excuse me an apology .
that 's sorry , that he is sending out of him .
sorry , just out of there .
you know , if you 're sending an apology , examiner .
i 'm sorry , that 's an apology , examiner .
well , an apology for sending him out , examiner .
the family 's not going to fall out ?
family loss was just gon na get into trouble ?
trouble is here that we will have our whole families ?
in that case , we were going to have trouble throwing our whole families ?
so the whole family have problems too ?
whole family will be in trouble
then we did n't have any trouble to fall our whole families ?
the problems with our whole family will fall ?
we 'll have problems with our whole family
you know , our families are afraid to fall ?
does something hide here ?
do something like this passageway ?
well , i 'm not afraid of something ?
something 's hiding here ?
it holds something hidden in the passageway ?
you could even hide something in that passageway ?
something like this is in the passageway ?
something was hiding in the passageway ?
so somewhere in one passageway
do you any of this passageway ?
have her secrets have been built system built by her .
whose identity was built by the mysterious figure out of which the secret application ?
a mysterious figure of hers built a secret system ,
and that mysterious figure , built a mysterious numbers of her , to system created .
two mysteries says she built a secret system of the secret written .
have n't built her a mysterious figure .
do you know that mysterious figure she was ? of course , built a system
the mystery one was able to create a secret system .
does she have a secret number of the system has built a system ?
have she been able to create a secret , system , sir ?
it 's not luck that i 'm lucky .
then we do n't have luck .
and luck 's gone .
the luck thing did n't do .
it 's luck .
we had luck , of course , but luck .
yeah , luck , yeah
yeah and lucky will be .
luck everything was coming .
luck is what you 're lucky , that 's good .
oh , this must be locked up all over london and the whole population .
i 've been locked up all over london , and the entire population was taken into this building .
it all has a whole prison and a whole population .
there was a seal out of london and the whole population was taken into this building .
they take the entire population out of london .
his entire was a closed entire population in london .
yeah , now the whole population was locked up all over london .
they were locked up all over london and all the whole population .
the entire population has been locked up all over london .
what space have you been locked up all over london and all the population .
now it 's not happening so fast , there it was .
these things happened so fast .
well , no one happened in this !
no one will do not so quickly !
- this not that fast !
it 's not happening so fast !
do it happen that quickly !
all my going on so fast !
it 's not happening so fast and do n't hurry .
things were happening so fast !
this is a prize for the electorated
does the voters like ?
how did the voters like a bravanish ?
price electorate love advents , sir
this is important , electorate .
electorate , i love .
price voters loving bravery actresses
i mean , for the vote of the voters ,
the electorate of the world loved the bravery .
the electorate is not happy .
are the highest priority for the commission 's environment in policy dialogue ?
they also have to integrate the environment at policy dialogue .
no , it is necessary to expand the environment in policy dialogue .
i did not have an environment in policy dialogue in the top priority
the commission 's priority is the commission ' s environment .
and integrate the environment in policy dialogue as a priority for the commission .
the fact that the policy dialogue has an environment is top priority for the commission .
i do n't know ... . : . . . integrating policy dialogue is the highest priority in the commission .
policy dialogue has an environment , is the commission 's top priority .
and the environment in the policy dialogue is the highest priority in the commission .
failed your students and failed .
the students , failure .
and the students are n't here .
your students who fail , so you failed .
fail the students now .

well , he fails ...
well , i 'm sure your students failed .
`` your student 's failing .
such diseased students failed to .
you stupid son of a bitch !
what an idiot is that !
no ! you 're an asshole !
were you an asshole ?
you 're an asshole and go !
how are you fucking ?
fucking is n't you !
you stupid son of a bitch !
you 'll fucking fool you !
fools , come on !
hey , that my best friend will i kill ?
you know , i 'm gon na kill my best friend .
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend .
no good friends are gon na kill me .
of course , no good friends will kill me .
good friend died , you know ?
what killing is about my best friend ?
so now he 's gon na kill my best friend .
i-i 'm sure i not to kill me .
killing friends and nothing friends
architecture was such as a real beautiful thing .
one architecture 's really nice .
architecture , was a really cute .
kind of an architecture , really cute , what a thing .
looks like of the architecture was beautiful .
the architecture was n't really nice .
is the architecture , really .
architecture used to be beautiful .
it 's an architecture , really cute thing .
how can it be an architecture ... really cute and all ?
fucking i like that .
does anyone look good ?
well , that looks .
when i love him
oh , my love .
like what i love .
l really does look good .
he did look great .
the girls look like it to me
they look great to me .
there was no engine without ...
he did n't have an engine . ``
are they talking no engine ?
i mean , the engine does , the engine has been .
no engine 's running engine .
there was no engine , sir .
did he have an engine ? to
the engine 's not what it is .
not even engine .
yeah , the engine 's not .
in both of this hurts his feelings .
hurt both of his feelings , you know .
this pain is going to hurt both of my feelings
the same sore feelings .
it hurts both of my feelings .
there was pain in both of his feelings .
and it hurts both of my feelings .
and that hurts both , he hurts , i feel me .
maybe both of them pain and emotions .
how did he hurt both of my feelings ?
and that 's 50 bucks .
we'il do , that 's 50 bucks .
now that 's not 50 bucks .
we 're gon na make 50 bucks and make 50 bucks .
it 's about 50 bucks ,
we got 50 bucks on this .
there there 's gon na be 50 bucks .
50 bucks for that .
50 bucks to make it .
i mean , 50 bucks 50 bucks .
i never knew . i never knew .
i never knew ,
i have had no idea !
it 's no idea !
i never even know !
can i not even know that ?
never knew , sir .
l du n didn ' t know anything
of course , there 's no idea !
the thing is , i never knew .
saved captain wubba 's planet .
we wo n't save captain wubba 's planet .
we save captain wubba 's planet .
i 'm captain wubba 's planet .
are you saving captain wubba , okay planet , okay ?
it 's up to the planet xon .
i 'll save captain wubba 's planet .
planet is going to save captain wubba .
the planet xion will save captain wubba , but will be saved .
well , we 're just saving captain wubba rescue .
the view of this is coming ?
so this day will be seen ?
d'you see him around today ?
about the fact , right ?
d'you see him around ?
oh , what about seeing this today ?
you really wanted to see him today ?
and now you can see him ?
did you see her today ?
you saw him . to
it was in a third world land
i do n't know , but there 's no land for the third world .
yeah . nobody is a third world land .
`` i do n't know , `` no land will be the third world third world .
and no land is to be a third world country .
it was no land going to be a third .
the land of the third world did not belong to .
well , it 's different that no land is going to be the third world .
it never comes that land will of the third world .
then we 'll be the third world land ...
it 's not your quick to die .
you 're not dying so fast , you know ?
the fact that fast died so fast .
guys ! nobody dies that fast .
not dying so fast ,
`` it makes you die so fast .
you 're not dying so fast , i know .
are you dying so fast ?
no one else will ever die that quickly .
people are dying so fast .
oh . is your scream now ?
you scream , the scream is telling me .
you'il scream call me .
is shouting at me .
now you 'll scream . ``
the scream 's told me .
what does your scream say ?
you ca n't scream .
hey , that scream .
i did n't say your screaming .
nothing 's been enough for two weeks .
in two weeks ' weeks . weeks . two .
two weeks away weeks will be enough .
i guess weeks have n't got nothing to do anything .
two weeks have n't you have two weeks left ?
you know two weeks that it 's going to happen .
i never want to do anything for two weeks .
now it 's been two weeks .
nothing takes two weeks and takes .
when it takes two weeks , it for two weeks .
i know mr. father dance
and mr. father 's dancing ?
one man could n't dance ?
mr. father 's dick would n't dance ?
the man dance with mr. father ?
do mr. father dance yet ?
you do n't dance with mr. father ...
he 's mr father at the dance ?
most people dance out with mr. father ?
mr. father in dance , what ? oh , uh , did mr. father dance ?
how do you not joke , daddy ?
the two jokes are made , daddy ?
the jokes were on you , dad ?
and you'il never joke about it , daddy ?
-LRB- sight you got any jokes , daddy ?
i 'm not gon na joke , daddy .
got any jokes , daddy ?
no way to joke , daddy joke , dad ?
just joke down .
oh , what 's your joke , dad ?
these days were one and have n't forgotten .
has it been a day you 've never forgotten ?
the day times have been forgotten .
well , i 'm not forgotten about this day .
have a day of those days you never forgot .
day of which you have n't forgotten
you have n't forgotten this day .
it 's a day you 've never forgotten
you have been a day , but you 've never forgotten .
it was never forgotten for the day .
i guess peter connolly should have been flying tonight .
when peter connoisly should have gotten into the plane tonight .
peter connoisly should have been flying tonight .
peter consou should have been flying tonight .
it 's up to the plane , peter .
one little flights were supposed to be taken tonight .
that peter connoisly should have been flying tonight .
he should have gotten into the plane tonight and should have a plane .
how did peter connoisly go to the plane tonight ?
did you mean peter connoisly 's flight tonight ?
d'you make jokes ?
jokes are that ...
that you 're joking ?
i ca n't joke . to you .
now how can you be kidding ?
jokes , it is ?
now you 're kidding and you 're joking ?
am i kidding me ?
you 're kidding me ? - you tell me .
funny was laughing was you were kidding ?
now that his mood will , it , it , it , it , it , he could also change .
yeah . one , his mood change
mood is just changing .
he'il change his mood .
this is how his mood changes .
such mood made a difference .
his mood 's gon na change .
the mood changes it so much change .
such mood is not .
yeah . his mood 's gon na change .
so how do the thunder 11 ... totally three targets ?
will you get the thunder 11 completely three targets ?
the flash 11 flash is three targets .
it 's 11 , three targets .
just like a flash 11 , three targets three targets .
thunder 11 was a completely three targets .
thunderstorm 11 ... totally three targets .
flash 11 . totally three targets .
thunder is 11 is 11 , totally three targets .
it 's not possible ...
this guy just did it ?
yeah . ? yeah . could that be doing this ?
do they do it ?
guys ? anyone doing ?
and they could do it ?
yeah , they could do this ?
this for them could do this ?
of course , they could do this ?
maybe your work is possible ?
was there something ?
a little time i sleep .
time to sleep will be enough .
it was now asleep .
sleep went back , sleeping time .
`` that 's asleep , `` sleep time .
in bed , to sleep .
the bed was already sleeping .
when does he sleep ?
slept times sleep ,
sleep time to sleep .
friend is my friends . my friends !
i really think my friends are here !
such my friend is here and is !
my friend 's here .
friend man ca n't be here !
the old friends are here !
friends have a friend !
i have friends here
friend my friends !
they 're my friends , and ...
i know everything 's fine .
doing all right ? okay ?
in there , everything 's fine ?
the whole thing was gone ?
all right was all right ?
hey , i mean , you all right ?
it 's going to be okay ?
doing things will be there ? yeah ?
i 'm gon na be fine .
you think it 's all right ?
why do i have to be helen ?
helen fear of that
does helen worry about that ?
of course not to worry helen ...
one things , of course , that 's no reason helen feared .
it was n't helen , but it was n't her .
worry about helen .
it 's just that helen was n't worried .
none of this have feared helen .
no , however , was n't worried about it helen ?
at the open gate , she gate , she left without print ?
the gate 's opening opened yet without a print ?
two doors opened but did she leave no print ?
his door opens the gate , but no print ?
the open gate will open , but not even print .
when he opens the gate , he 's not gon na leave any print ?
in the open gate , but no print no print ?
opening the gate , but no print any print ?
i 'm gon na open the gate . but does n't she have any print ?
open the gate , do she leave no print
you will order your majesty 's orders ...
well , ai n't your majesty 's orders .
that was n't true !
and your majesty 's ordering .
mr. majesty , you have to order .
your majesty 's ordering will be .
mr. majesty commands for your majesty
i 'm your majesty 's orders you , okay ?
there is your majesty ! to your majesty !
sir , it commands .
she complication , and to her foreseeable .
and they 're complication 's foreseeable .
does not complication have foreseeable .
the complication made her predictable .
the complication foreseeable complication will be .
the complication plan complication
one way complication will be foreseeable .
and does she complication ?
when she complication . foretable foretable .
the complication of her foreseeable .
did we talk about this then ?
is this thing talking about ?
does it just talk ?
well , then we 'll talk about it .
ok . then we better talk about it .
let 's talk about it , okay . . . will .
and let 's talk about it .
are we all right now we talk about it ?
our good things are talking about this .
ok , speak of this .
we did n't have a gym .
gym was our job .
yeah , give me the gym .
yeah , please are our gym .
here 's our gym .
that 's our gym , so i know .
our gym was fine , for that .
how much did our gym go ?
here 's our gym .
it 's our gym .
then she did n't have an esk 's lips around her vision was sent home in shame .
esk , bite his lips and then he 's got his lips into shame .
could esk bite her lips and then she had a vision ? at the time to send her home in shame .
with esk 's lips , do n't let her see that she would be sent home in shame .
there was an esk bite of her lips , after which she could see that she was sending herself home in shame .
esk bit her lips and then she saw herself sending her own vision of shame
esk . what he did was bite her lips and then she saw that vision of sending herself home in shame .
esk ai n't a little drunk and then she 's got a vision of sending herself sending her home in shame .
her lips did n't bite , and then she saw herself sending her home in shame .
they bite esk 's lips , and then she saw that she 's just gon na be sent home in shame .
it 's not a south park that will be cast in perpetual shadow ''
our southern park gave us a perpetual shadow .
the shadow of south park will be cast !
wo n't be cast to the perpetual shadow !
south park the perpetual shadow .
southern , we wo n't take south park
if the south park is going to perpetual shadows , so please .
throw the south park into perpetual shadow
to the south park to perpetual shadow .
there 's a shadow coming to the south park .
this will it be possible .
chance was nothing to the possibility .
in any chance ... . . i guess .
probably no chance in any chance .
the chance was to be done .
in fact , it was impossible to me not possible .
no chance , i guess i have no chance here .
i did n't think it was possible .
what 's not possible ?
yeah , no chance .
jasmine choice dawn , everyone
jasmine today jasmine 's only chosen before dawn
and now everyone knows jasmine 's only gon na pick before dawn .
now i know jasmine 's only been chosen before dawn
well , this is true that jasmine 's only able to pick up before dawn .
know jasmine 's just before dawn .
know that jasmine and jasmine 's choice before dawn .
we know jasmine 's just before dawn .
just seems to know jasmine 's gon na be chosen before dawn .
everyone knows , jasmine 's only a choice before dawn .
written my memoirs and i thought .
that 's my idea of view to writing my memoirs
can i write my memoirs about my reconsideration ?
memoirs would have written me .
he wrote my memoirs and that was my point .
written my memoirs and i thought .
you 've written my memoirs to me
well , the writing says my memoirs have given .
why are n't you writing my memoirs about me ?
writing my memoirs , one of my ideas .
to do n't do n't do n't do n't do n't just any more vague rumor like hangar 18 ...
no one 's more than a vague rumor than the aliens in hangar 18 .
i do n't want anything more than any more vague gossip like aliens in hangar 18
the fact that there 's no other than one vague rumor than hangar 18 could say .
go ahead , like , some other vague rumor , like the aliens in hangar 18 .
hangar does n't do anything more than any other vague rumor .
but do n't do anything more than a vague rumor like the aliens in hangar 18 .
other gossip made it no more than any more vague gossip than those of hangar 18 .
no more than one vague rumor is going on hangar 18 .
pull up the other than a vague rumor like of aliens in hangar 18 .
and he stood up with vorbis , where he 'd been , when he 'd been willing to last night ...
it takes vorbis place where he does he want to go last night
regardless of where vorbis ' place and when he was willing to the night ...
no matter where vorbis , no matter where he 'd been .
the vorbis and vorbis when he 'd were willing to the scene last night .
`` regardless of vorbis , there he was .
who would have the vorbis , whatever he did when he was willing to do yesterday .
one place was no matter where and when he was willing to do what he wanted last night .
it takes vorbis position , no matter when he was willing to last night .
vorbis and vorbis .
stilgar thought , unable to answer this question
but is there no answer to the question ?
i could find stilgar unable to answer the question .
i never found stilgar unable to answer the question .
well , there was no answer to stilgar 's question .
then stilgar in the question could not be answered .
i have found that stilgar could not answer the question
well , stilgar found himself unable to answer the question .
stilgar knows about stilgar could not answer the question .
have stilgar found that he could not answer , unable to answer this question ?
it was weird , was n't it ?
on a weird day .
just some weird days could be .
well , i could n't believe that 's a weird day .
how do you feel about this weird day ?
have you been having a weird day ?
it must have been a weird .
come on , man . weird .
come and be a weird days .
no , it 's not weird .
do n't you find santa if i do n't find mrs santa ?
even the santa will be fine me if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
well , carol , i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
carol have no way to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa .
had i not continue to santa until i found mrs santa claus ?
carol ... i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
it was gon na be santa if i did n't find mrs. santa .
what can i do if i be santa does n't find me ?
did you see santa if i did n't find mrs santa ?
carol , i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
do you all right , scooby-doo ?
the scooby-doo doo will be fine ...
is everything look good , scooby ?
does your scooby-doo are all right ?
and you 're all right , scooby-doo ?
you 're all right , scooby-doo , and you 're all right ?
`` how did you go ? to scooby-doo ? ''
well , with scooby-doo ?
am i all right ?
doo scoot-doo doo
when we have a great leaderboard , we 'll have it sunday .
we got a great leaderboard that sunday .
there 's an amazing leaderboard on sunday .
so much of a leaderboard on sunday .
we have an amazing release . sunday . sunday .
i know it 's a great leadereboard sunday .
sunday 's in the big leaderboard .
and we have a great leaderboard ... . .
what do we have on sunday ?
yeah . it 's a great leaderboard sunday .
ambassador negations . for the commander .
ambassador 's not required , commander .
the ambassador didn ' t need to be commander
ambassador 's not required to lead .
we 're out of the ambassador 's way to commander .
ambassador has been out there to the way the presence .
ambassador captain ambassador wo n't need any presence .
ambassador didn ' t have not one of the leaders .
ambassador did n't have to have to be the commander , okay ?
and the ambassador did n't need any of the commander .
the dead man like me
you 're better than dead .
one day we 'd be dead .
i-i prefer death .
and he died better .
the dead man is better
i-i was gon na die .
rather when i 'm dead .
my preferences were death too .
he did n't want to die .
i was n't the monster who could do that .
according to what monster , he did n't do that ?
yeah , your monster ?
a monster was gon na do that ?
and is this monster ?
and i 'm talking about what monster did .
the monster really does it ?
the monster of monster does it do ?
the monster could do that and did it ?
the monster things have ever done ?
well , telegrapher have to kill .
there 's a telegrapher killed .
telegrapher and i murdered .
i mean , telegrapher .
we do n't kill telegrapher .
telegrapher 's dead .
kill the telegrapher .
it 's like killing telegrapher . ``
we 'll kill telegrapher .
yeah , telegrapher to kill .
this unit was also found in all the processors , uh ,
this unit it has all the processors , because they do math .
now they 're found in all the processors because they do math .
do you find the unit in all the processors because they do math ?
units are available in all the processors because they do math .
such unit types are found in all processors , because they do math .
how do you find the unit in all the processors because they do math ?
`` it 's found in all the unit in all the processors because they do math . ``
found in all the proceeded in all the processors because they do math .
so what 's the point of units are found in all the processor math .
at the wounds of the corpse could easily healed , but emotional scars that were not easy .
wounds can be healed easily , but emotional scars are not so easily removed .
give the corpse an easy to heal , but emotional scars do n't go away so easily .
well
what 's easy to heal wounds , but emotional scars do n't go away so easily .

hurts so easily that the corpse wounds , but emotional scars do n't so easily .
it is easy to heal wounds , but emotional scars do n't get away so easily .
he did n't get wounds easily healed easily , but emotional scars did n't go away so easily .
hurts the body injury that can easily heal , but not easy to get away from them .
that makes us talk about mental health
we 're talking about mental health , and today , we 're talking about it .
talking mental health , today .
people are going to mental health .
and we 're talking about mental health .
if you know , the mental health will be spoken .
speak of mental health .
a mental health 's about this day .
our talk of mental health today is over .
mental health , what 's going to happen ?
this is the time of his return of the night .
tonight 's gon na be his time for the day .
and tonight 's gon na be his time .
tonight , time ...
tonight will be his time and return .
take him back tonight .
i guess he 'll be back tonight .
how 's it going back tonight .
it 's not his time for his return of the night .
tonight 's gon na be back tonight .
the beautiful thing was them .
people is being beautiful .
their beauty will be . how beautiful
and it 's not look beautiful .
they 're beautiful . do things .
it 's beautiful , it 's beautiful .
the beauty is it as beautiful .
it 's beautiful . it 's going to be beautiful .
i 'm being beautiful .
are they so beautiful ? to them
many people and having doubts about the investment .
everyone was very sure to doubt the investment .
ln case many people , investment doubt , investment
investment and investment doubts many people
their investments have made doubts about many people .
had many people have doubts about these investments
has that investment made a lot of doubt ?
investment people doubt that this investment
many people , sure , in the investment , had doubts .
most people , they 've had doubts about the investment .
and we 'll forget .
the man 's forgetting was that .
all of them forget
-LRB- scoffs -RRB- that 'll forget .
i guess he 's not gon na forget .
forget it for a moment .
just a little forget , too .
no matter what , it , it .
well , this place is to forget .
this stuff is forgotten about it now .
there you got a chopper .
now where do n't you get a chopper ?
helicopters on the chopper
i just do n't .
in the chopper , there .
oh , he comes .
here , chopper , man .
and in the chopper .
sending a chopper coming
he does n't have a chopper .
all the flavors complement each other will be very good .
when all the flavors finish together , the whole thing is great .
complement all the flavors ... ... very well enough
now we do n't have any flavors finished .
they finish all the flavors , they 're very good .
if all the flavors are complemented , it will be great
together it was very good to finish the flavors .
ca n't finish all the flavors together .
what does the flavors finish together ?
i guess the flavors complement each other people .
how about the dust from her gloves , the adjunct moving north .
i once got wiped out by his gloves , the adjunct walked north of the north rim .
adjunct adjunct could walk north to the edge of its north .
they want to wipe the dust out of the gloves , as adjunct walked north .
rubbed the dust off the gloves , adjunct walked north , please , please .
the adjunct walked out of his gloves , the north rim .
yeah . after she wiped the dust off the gloves , the adjunct walked north of the rim .
it 's a north edge of the adjunct 's going north of her gloves wiped .
what the adjunct walked north toward the north rim after the wiped out north of her gloves .
the adjunct adjunct would come north of the edge of the metal .
i not had a chance to escape , '' appia snapped .
well , that would be the opportunity to escape , '' appia snapped .
the possibility of our escape is impossible .
the escape could have escaped , ` appia .
we never could escape , '' appia snapped .
failure to escape , '' appia snapped .
did we not have a chance to escape ?
and are we not able to escape , '' appia snapped .
escape and no choice of escape from us , '' appia snapped
the escape is no way away , ` appia snapped .
the calm down easy .
your head is on your way .
can you calm down ?
i did n't want to calm down .
you can calm down . man .
that 's not cool .
one right , calm down .
calm down . calm down .
take it easy .
do n't be calm down .
i wo n't be afraid of anything , man , because your dick .
little dick came out .
nothing ever should be worried about you , man , because your little dick 's never be found .
nothing worry , man , because your little dick
because you do n't have to worry , buddy , my dick , no one will ever find your dick .
the little dick thing does n't have to worry about , man .
no one 's concerns me , buddy , because you never find your little dick .


there 's nothing to be afraid of , man , because your little dick will ever find .
nothing 's working !
impossible that you can not work !
nothing i ca n't !
well , what does it doing ?
it ca n't work , but it ca n't be done !
not working , nothing like that can happen !
oh ! impossible !
nothing work ways !
no one has no work !
it ca n't working !
. . you brought the bills ?
and you bring the dollar bills ?
bills have been brought ?
you 'll just bring the bills ?
it 's a dollar bills ?
you bring a dollar bills ?
there 's not ?
oh . that 's your dollar bills ?
i brought your bills ?
the bills is to be taken ?
you ca n't connect to the property pages because of % s .
you failed the location of the property pages for % s .
property pages % s problem -LRB- % s -RRB-
you do n't connect to property page of the property because of % s .
pages of properties were no longer in connection with the % s .
pages could be linked to properties because of % s .
`` how is it ? to the property pages ? to
your pages are unable to connect to properties because of % s .
well
the site was unable to connect to properties because of % s .
people have seen anything ?
somebody knows and knows ?
you ever seen anything , or what ?
did anyone see anything ?
are somebody seen anything ?
see anything out there ?
somebody saw anything , and i did n't know
and somebody saw anything ?
is it about anyone ?
well
i know , `` there 's a lot tomorrow .
the jobs will also be done tomorrow .
tomorrow is where it 's doing .
it 's going to work tomorrow .
many work work tomorrow for you
` there 's a lot of work to do tomorrow .
tomorrow was going on tomorrow
there 's a lot of work to do tomorrow , and i 'm going to do .
i ca n't even do it tomorrow .
come on , there 's plenty of work to do tomorrow .
guys , you ca n't be cute ?
it 's going to be cute .
how cute are these ?
no , that 's not nice ?
i watched and was cute
how sweet , man , you were like that ?
one does n't look nice ?
guys ? hey , do you think that 's cute ?
hey god damn it is ,
i 'm sweet . how cute is that ?
your name is i 'm gon na ignore .
well , the words are ignored .
yeah . i-i 'm not ignoring what you 're saying .
i ignore of what you 're saying will not be ignored .
l am ignoring everything you 've said
it 's me that 's gon na ignore what you said .
you said to me so that i 'm not ignore .
i-i , ignore what you 're saying .
i-i 'm just ignoring what you 're saying .
the only things are gon na .
muslims died in muslims , as they did .
they killed muslims in muslims .
muslims killed , muslims .
is there a muslim that killed muslims ?
kill the muslims out in muslims .
well , our muslim has been murdered .
give the muslims a murder .
they kill muslims .
in muslims who killed muslims
ca n't they kill up ?
operating him or dying .
this guy does n't need to be operated or died .
such surgery is needed or died .
this is necessary to operate or die .
`` a dead man operating .
or dead people operate on him .
worked out by him or die .
means operating or die
people were on his way or dying .
neither of them are operating or dying .
the two turk have fallen to the trap ?
your turk , it 's a trap ?
why do n't the turk fall on the trap ?
the turk on the way ? do you know ?
the turk 's fallen on the trap is n't you ?
that turk 's in a trap ?
the turk boy would n't have fallen into the trap ?
the turk here , it 's about traps ?
if the turk fell on the trap , he did ?
it just falls a trap ?
your description 's here ?
when you have a description , you said ?
are you answering your description ?
such description was made ?
any description are made ?
and what do you read ?
why do you have a description ?
just get you a description ?
yeah . yeah , any description of this ?
description settings are made ?
so the joke is going on .
i 'm joking . .
somebody really was there , right ?
you got ta be joking .
a joke , it is .
of course did you joke ?
you are joking
and ... are you joking ?
there was a joke to joke ?
joke to you , right .
yeah , i guess it 's hard .
everything is difficult , just do n't worry .
there 'll just be hard .
how is that difficult ?
hard time doing this stuff ,
is it just been hard ?
i guess i s , um , something hard .
of course , it 's that it 's hard .
well , things will be difficult .
so . it 's gon na be hard .
when have you seen him since your brother died ?
since your brother 's death , the man from your brother was murdered ?
how could you see that guy since your brother died ?
hey , you saw him , and your brother died ?
you have n't seen him since your brother died ?
have you seen him since your brother died , sir ? what did you know ?
since you killed your brother , someone , someone else does he ?
you see , the day you 've been dead , right ?
the man was murdered , you know ?
see him once your brother 's death .
money could be thrown him away . to make him feel strong .
and he threw money around was that he felt strong .
more money could be felt strong in the only way .
only i could feel strong money , just as he felt strong .
he threw money around him , the only a feeling of strength
did his money make money , throwing money around him ?
money was the only way that he felt strong .
and it was the only way he felt strong .
spending money , which was the only way to feel strong
money 's going around him , the only way of strength .
we climbed a mountain to make a house ?
that 's not going to be a mountain and a house ?
mountain climbed up and out of the house ?
did mountain climbing and making houses ?
it 's going to be a mountain and making houses ...
so we 're gon na climb the house ?
i would have climbed a mountain . to the house .
we 're gon na climb mountain and make sure the house ?
high mountain a house would be climbing ?
just bring us mountain and make a house ?
due presentation saving prior to recording , schedule or start the broadcast .
or even records shall be saved before you start or start or broadcast .
now we have to the presentation of the presentation , schedule .
in case , your records , your presentation must be saved or started .
so ... you save the presentation before you have a record or start a broadcast .
the presentation is either your presentation , schedule or start .
presentation was a presentation to be saved or a broadcast or start the presentation .
which is necessary to save the presentation before you are recorded records or start the broadcast .
due to saving prior to recording , schedule or start the broadcast .
when the presentation , i 'll have to save the presentation must be saved before you start your presentation .
and so your dad ...
the talk to your father will be talking to you .
such people were talking to your dad .
we'il talk things with your dad
do n't talk to your dad .
let 's talk to your dad .
the man has a man who 's talking to your dad .
and we wan na talk to your dad .
and what we wan na talk about with your dad ?
we all wanted to talk to your dad .
the agency 's capacity reinforced further .
further strength for the agency capacity stronger .
capacity is needed to increase .
the agency has to strengthen the capacity of the agency , you know .
a further increase in the capacity of the agency .
further , have a capacity of the agency increased agency stronger .
more intensive agency skills .
agency 's got to be reinforced further .
we have to be reinforced , enhanced by agency capacity .
why does the agency have to be reinforced ?
it does not expressly enable the decision to prolonge the period .
decision . does not expressly enable this deadline to be prolondated .
expressly they are prohibited in the decision to prolongation this period .
did it enable the decision to be expressly allowed to prolongation of this period .
decision one one more expressly allowed to prolongation
fail to expressly enable this deadline to be prolondated .
it was prohibited to expressly enable this deadline to prolonged .
decision , does that no explanation .
there will be no expressly allowed for the court to prolongation .

do you know what a young boy .
son of a bitch
you know , the handsome , handsome , handsome , handsome , handsome .
and that was a handsome young man .
what a young man , he looks really young .
the boy was looking handsome .
look at the handsome young man -LRB- a -RRB-
handsome , that 's looking young .
i 'm a handsome young man .
did you see the young man here ?
how was the last few minutes of hatred , he raging of humanity ?
and they 've been out of hatred for the past minutes .
`` the last minutes of his hatred and raging for humanity . ''
the past are the last minutes of hate and raging of humanity .
he 's the last minutes of his hatred , which has come to humanity .
have n't they seen him for the last few minutes of his hatred , raging for humanity ?
and this has n't like his last minutes of hate for the past all of humanity .
his last minutes of hate , with hate , raging for humanity .
he hated his last few minutes of all over the way to all humans .
and hatred began to be lost in the last minutes .
and ai n't no fear of st clara 's vision .
well , there are fear of st clinging to the sight of st clare .
st. clara also knew that they were running away from fear
they run out of fear of the visions , and the sight of st clare .
and fear of st clara 's visions , and the fear .
was n't the fear of st clare 's vision .
afraid of the sight of st clara .
saint clara 's visions .
let them run out of st. clare . one . one of them .
well ... the holy clara visions .
with luck , nobody gets hurt , but hurt .
oh , man , i 'm not lucky , and then , nobody 's gon na get hurt .
no one will be hurt with luck .
to be lucky nobody 's gon na get hurt .
nobody do any harm
how can anyone be hurt ?
i give you luck . nobody harm .
it just does n't harm anyone .
we 're lucky , but nobody gets hurt .
lucky people were n't gon na get hurt .
have military efforts are our work .
we 're military efforts are ...
the military effort is a great military effort . yeah .
yeah , but we 're making great military efforts .
america also has a lot of work .
army one , a great military effort .
really military efforts very well .
it 's just that the military effort is made by us .
all right , get up , the military effort .
the us is not .
all right , elen waited for .
it 's familiar with elen 's song to wait .
elen song was just waiting .
i 'll just call elen 's song .
now how did elen wait for him ?
they 're calling elen 's song . ``
calls elen song , wait
the songs will be called elen . i wait .
i did n't call elen 's song ...
the little was familiar with the song of elen .
let 's go to the damn trap
come on , we fucking trap !
the trap came and came and came and went to go !
the hell 's going off !
bloody trap is over !
shit , we 're not going to the trap !
we'il just go to the damn trap and get out of it !
those are the damn traps ! to the ground !
the guns have n't gone to a trap !
people will come to the damn trap !
i have a movie , will , will you ?
i ' m planning a movie .
whose is the film plan ?
i was willing to film .
are you planning the film ?
yeah , yeah , i plan to film .
movies were my plan
the film film plan is mine .
film plans have
and let me plan the film .
yeah , i have a problem in the last ten minutes .
the last ten minutes is the same thing .
last ten minutes and have the same thing .
i 'm sure been a matter of ten minutes .
i was having a similar problem in the last ten minutes ...
in the last ten minutes , and i have a similar problem in ten minutes .
it was in the last ten minutes .
it was ten minutes that i had the same problem ...
the situation going on in the last ten minutes .
what problem is ten minutes after ten minutes ?
this is about the twoor three-stage cycle i prefer .
now the theory is about twoor 3-phase of life .
the theories were twoor three-stage life cycle .
and we have to prefer the theory about or three-stage of a three-stage life cycle .
in the theory of the twoddre or three-stage cycle theory .
he 's a theory about twoor 3-phase lives and still has always been my preference .
no
i suppose the theory of the twoor three-stage cycle is going to be my way .
we have a theory about twoor a three-stage cycle .
it was a theory about twoor 3-phase life cycle that i prefer to prefer .
give us a hand .
by your help , the message will be done ?
help out the help .
you 're helping us , you know ?
it 's going to help , sir , sir , sir ?
help . i told you saying ?
the help is available ?
it 's helpful ?
to help us ? - help
that 's it that you help ?
we have an improvement , technology .
what do technologies improve ?
it does n't improve technology .
your technology improvement is made .
we got the improvement in technology .
come on , sir , technology improvement .
the technology 's been improved is coming .
technologies have already been improved .
high technology improvement today .
come on , improve technology .
i can not believe that she 's not gets the shershow married , and i 'm not sure .
trust me no one thought he 'd get a shershow wedding .
you 're still out there before .
can you believe him in front of me in front ?
no one can believe that the sherdisplay before my wedding .
what ? i guess he 's gon na get a shershow .
i don ' t believe he 's getting married before i 'm married .
he 's not gon na be married , get married man .
he never thinks that marriage before .
things are getting married in front of me .
a dog bite on you and run
your dogs did it to you .
yeah . bite is the dog .
you 're not going to run if you bite the dog .
little dog eats .
so you'il be executed if you bite the dog .
you 'll be executed if you bite the dog .
bite dogs your ass .
bite the dog , you'il run on .
bites a dog , you get executed
we'il set up some quality requirements and have a view .
now i 'm sure we have established many quality requirements for quality .
a number of high-quality requirements .
put some quality requirements on us .
let 's put some quality requirements .
how do we also set out many quality requirements ?
this is subject to many high-quality requirement .
we have established many quality requirements .
put down some quality requirements .
and i set up many quality requirements .
brock ' lips would move without a sound .
are brock 's lips moving without a little sound .
moving his lips , brock .
his lips were moving , without a sound .
brock -RRB- brock 's lips moved out without a sound .
no sound that came out of brock 's lips .
let brock 's lips move . brock . i do n't heard a sound .
he 's still moving his lips without a sound .
and will he move without a sound ?
they 've never moved their lips without a sound .
in my life , call your wife 's cunt .
nothing called your wife ever like that .
will i ever like that bitch your wife ?
yeah , call your wife a bitch .
i never thought i 'd call your wife a bitch .
you 're the one who 's gon na call your wife a bitch .
no way of calling your wife a bitch
hey , let me never call your wife a bitch .
the only call , the bitch .
if i never wanted , you got a whore .
the ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
a ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
the ship could resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
he 's got a ship and that might resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
have the ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
such has been able to resist the shock of its underwater monitor .
what do you have a boat ? is able to resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
and the ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
this can withstand his underwater monitor the shock from the underwater monitor
is there be a ship , able to resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
that 's a good luck to prove right .
i wish you were lucky to be right now .
so luck proves to be right .
you 'll be lucky if you 're right .
you 're actually gon na prove lucky .
the fact that you 're lucky is right .
luck that you 're gon na prove right
how can you prove lucky ?
luck of you 're actually gon na prove right .
you 're lucky and you 're right .
a terrible smell of shrivel and terrible memories .
they can sound like a terrible scream and terrible resignation .
and at least there 's a terrible scream and terrible resignation .
the sound , awful and terrible .
looks like the bad shribles and the same thing are pulled out .
the sound did not made up of terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
everyone seems a lot to scream and bad shrivels .
the sounds were made of terrible shrivel and terrible memories .
everyone here is the sound of terrible shribles and terrible memories .
horrible shribles appear to be made and terrible .
so now he 's waking up our terrible reporter ?
what did n't our terrible journalist wake up ?
what did our terrible reporter wake up ?
the terrible woke reporter awake ?
we have n't been afraid of a reporter , you know ?
when we woke up , our terrible reporter ?
we 'd never wake up our terrible reporter ?
we 're afraid of a journalist awake yet ?
hey hey warns reporter #
the terrible news of the reporter sleeps in ?
come on . maybe the solutions are negotiations .
does negotiate with you to negotiate .
ca n't it be solved . . .
it probably was just negotiations .
there 's a solution to negotiate
how do we negotiate ?
the only solution is probably agreed .
we 're talking about negotiations .
it 's a solution to negotiate .
his only solution was that it was negotiations .
did anyone get your annoying !
the man 's nausea was like you , you know ?
you guys who 're annoying !
how annoying little people
the unpleasant kind of thing is doing is !
you can be uncomfortable .
there 's a lot of annoying .
as you are , the way you 're annoying .
you 're annoying , like you do .
well , annoying .
`` got ta be kidding , there was no joke .
were you not joking ?
nothing was fucking joking .
joke is on your mind , of course .
none of you must be joking .
that 's no joke .
nothing is it that you 're joking .
no joke about you . . .
never a joke , man , is it a joke ?
yeah , it 's been a joke .
if we steal the car , we ca n't steal .
are we a cd ?
it 's stealing from these cars ...
this is impossible to steal a car .
car theft car car car stolen .
are there any good cd in the cars we steal ?
no good cd in the car here .
yeah . yeah , we 're out of the car cd .
i gave you a cd in the car .
do we steal the car any good cd ?
everything is a terrible feeling for her
i 'm so bad for me .
yeah . l guess she 's awful .
really felt terrible and terrible for her .
yeah , yeah , terrible feelings .
well , the terrible thing about her so bad .
the one things is terrible for me .
she 's not my thing . to me
i felt terrible for her .
she made me very bad , did n't .
one teeth singing movie in y'all ?

everybody 's ever seen a bite , a movie ?
if you ever saw the jaws , film wo n't be seen ?
the film could n't be seen by the jaws of the film ?
all of you has seen jaws , a movie ?
is there a movie about the jaws ?
this must have been seen his jaws , the film .
people saw that 's jaws , the film ?
you did n't see the jaws , the film ?
he 's advanced , as morak raised his sword .
i 'm sure morak has advanced and raised his sword .
morak advanced , he raised his sword , and he raised his sword .
i 'm talking advanced , then raise my sword up .
morak 's swords will be raised .
are morak advanced and raising his sword ? !
the increase in the blade
morak 's advanced , his sword rising .
morak 's increase in the blade was raised .
he 's not much more advanced and raising the blade .
i like to tell you about the banquet tomorrow .
he said . to the banquet tomorrow
get out of the banquet tomorrow .
i 'm sure he 'll be notified him tomorrow at banquet
the two banquet make it a declaration tomorrow .
he 's not possible to report him in banquet .
and is it his ?
tomorrow , tell him he 's going to banquet .
is that report to him tomorrow at banquet ?
such banquet notice will be made at banquet .
look , it 's been beautiful .
then i could watch the film .
the film takes place in great .
the movie was beautiful , and i watched .
it 's a beautiful movie . i watched .
the movie , they 're beautiful .
yeah , is this a beautiful movie ?
very beautiful , and watching the film .
what are the beautiful movies ?
movies watch it with great .
yeah . hey , do you think peter would think about anything like that unexpected .
this must have been an unexpected thing peter to think about such things .
peter has been surprised to think about such a thing
this way , the unexpected thing , peter really thought about such a thing .
`` it 's a surprise to theremma peter to think about such a thing .
and it was unexpected for theremma that peter would have thought about such a thing .
how could peter have thought about such a unexpected thing ?
is that about the unexpected thing peter thought about ?
we just have n't been surprised that peter would think about such a thing .
that peter would have thought about such a little unexpected :
how a happy man .
and , man , that 's a pleasure .
pleasure one , you came .
good things are there
there 's a pleasure in coming .
it 's a little pleasure to see me .
oh , really glad .
that 's great . glad you came .
glad you 've come .
when i am happy , you come with me happy .
i got off 57 seconds .
somebody 's 57 seconds left
it took about 57 seconds of action , leave , please , okay ?
i 'm going , and 57 seconds .
57 seconds left , sir .
you know . 57 seconds to
57 seconds to , come on .
57 seconds was left .
the ride , going 57 seconds .
57 seconds 's 57 seconds left .
we do n't know anything when he 's staring at .
and no one 's saying anything to say when he 's staring at his friend 's .
he looked at work to say no one word , no one 's watching his friend .
not word from anyone who looked at his friend
no one 's going to talk to a friend .
when do no one ever know what he 's staring at your friend ?
no people said anything when he looked at the man .
i guess no one 's ever be able to say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
tell no one to talk when he 's staring at his friend .
he never says to anyone who 's been staring at the friend .
held out , his secrets , which work for hours .
he had a secret to do with federal scientists . to investigate .
yeah , has a secret about what federal scientist working at an hour .
in his secrets of the federal scientists worked a full of hours .
in particular , the secret is about what federal scientist works for hours .
now there are secrets that the secrets of scientists are working for hours for hours before .
the secrets were the information that federal scientists were working for hours before the probe .
i do n't know what federal scientists work for hours .
it 's a secret that federal scientist 's work here .
his secrets and federal scientists work for hours .
alcohol . it 's outta here and that 's why .
we got alcohol on alcohol here .
let 's go out of alcohol ... that 's a reason .
how come from alcohol and why is it is it ?
well , ai n't no liquor and this is why .
it 's out of alcohol and why .
the reason is alcohol and alcohol .
alcohol outside alcohol , this reason .
our alcohol is not the reason .
a little alcohol will also be a reason .
it 's no responsibility for feeding her son .
you no responsibility for fed her son .

you 're responsible for giving her son a breathless feed .
sofia , you must be responsible for the breathless feed of your son .
sofia , do n't your responsibility to feed her son .
sofia , you 're not responsible for giving her son a breathless than your son .
your own baby son 's not your responsibility
you no responsibility for fed her son .
sofia grasare . is n't your responsibility to feed her son .
the coffee on our coffee .
when we go for coffee , too .
coffee 's just going upstairs for us for you .
why do we just get some coffee ?
our place is coffee .
coffee 's all over , please .
when we get some coffee , we go for coffee .
well , what 's the coffee for ?
why do n't we go get some coffee ?
coffee 's ready for coffee .
you make me who 's a fool makes me rich .
the fool is going to make me rich .
it 's a funny fool who makes me rich .
the fool 's going to make me rich .
yeah , are you think this asshole 's going to make me rich ?
you know , my idiots , my idiots rich asshole , my stupid .
idiot ... makes me rich , but that makes me a fool .
he said that 's going to get rich fool . . to
you 're going to make me rich .
that 's a funny fool . to make me rich .
it 's not a good thing i do .
nothing about me to do . . .
of course , nothing will be done well .
never does anything about it .
what did i do right ?
nothing i do and i do n't do well .
doing nothing to me do right
do n't and i do n't do anything .
no things do .
you 're all right .
it 's exciting , and it 's exciting .
it was fun how much .
and do you think it 's exciting ?
it ai n't so exciting , how exciting it is .
how exciting . yeah . how exciting .
so things seem to be exciting .
it was how exciting .
there 's been an exciting way
looks like of it was exciting .
the going thing does n't get so exciting
it 's not worried about this stuff , okay ?
these things are going to be nothing to worry about .
never worry about this stuff
you don ' t worry about this stuff .
now that stuff is going on , you should not be worried about this stuff .
things . nothing will not be feared .
you have no worries about this stuff . . .
if you 're not worried about , then that 's all .
nothing worries are going on
you got to fear that stuff away .
we 'll have a beautiful ceremony , and we 'll be fine .
we got lovely , to have a ceremony .
if you know , i 'll have a wonderful ceremony .
ceremony people are going to be beautiful .
we wo n't even have a beautiful ceremony .
our ceremony just went .
this is really nice .
let 's ... that ceremony
we got a wonderful ceremony on this .
yeah , give us a wonderful ceremony .
and around the corner of the door and the corner could be a little .
a couple of the heads of the door and the corner of the two .
there 's a couple of heads around the corner of the door .
is a couple of heads stuck in the door and around the corner ?
he was stuck in the door and around the corner .
the door 's stuck in the corner .
some heads here are a couple of heads hanging out of the door .
a couple of heads off and around the corner .
heads were torn from the door and around the corner .
where are the few heads from the door and the corner ?
you princesses are calibrating .
in the print you could calibrate .
this is already been calibrated .
the printer could also be calibrated .
i ca n't even calibrate the printer .
the printer was calibrated .
they 're calibrated with the printer .
and the printer was calibrated .
was the printer calibrated with that .
they calibrating the printer .
people 's not really your family .
how not a single family .
it 's not possible , and that 's what people are family .
people ca n't possible . people are family .
people ca n't be family , people .
people in the family has been impossible .
such people family isno way ,
no one will be a family .
who 's not going to be family .
no way , no one can be family .
maybe someone 's anyone .
could be anyone .
these people are supposed to be there .
maybe someone 's here .
someone thinks he 's there
is going to anyone
he can be there and ca n't be anyone .
could just be anyone .
who 's there .
yeah , they 're possible .
if your rod and your employees , i 'm comfortable .
your rod and your employees with me .
you got your rod and your employees that i 'm comfortable .
your rod and your crew of comfort me .
rod . your staff .
your rod and your staff comfort me .
so rod will be your employees .
your crew of rod and your crew to comfort me .
is it really convenience of your employees ?
your rod and your employees are comfortable with me ,
dylan 's writing about lynching after the circus .
dylan news lynches have been writing about the circus .
she wrote dylan , lynching after the circus .
what dylan wrote would have been writing of the circus after .
there 's already a circus dylan writing about lynching after the circus .
is dylan writing about lynching after the circus ?
and he says dylan wrote lynch after the circus .
how did dylan write about lynch after the circus ?
oh , she 's writing dylan about lynching after the circus .
dylan 's writing about lynching after the circus .
it 's useful that property belongs in private .
here we will own property ! to private !
here we own property to be private !
how does it belong in private ownership ?
the real estate you own property !
he belongs to me and belongs in private !
the real estate 's owned by private !
property personally belongs to the private
there 's a private ownership !
it 's not private !
i wan na slap the towel up your butt ?
hey , you should have a spear on your ass ?
you want me up your butt back of the towel ?
just get me that you 're gon na slap in the butt ?
all you wan na do is break your butt ?
get off my ass .
in your butt , with a barrel towel ?
are n't you gon na get me up in the butt ?
and please ... do you want to get a towel in your butt ?
you mean , i 'm gon na slap the towel up your ass , you know ?
the travel to me .
i 'd rather travel
at least would be able to travel .
it gives me i want to travel . . .
it 's my wish to travel . travel .
and he wants me to travel and that i want to travel .
there 's a way i could travel .
just want me to travel .
did you really want me to travel ?
that 's for me travel .
the s.r.p was due was due tomorrow .
to be the s.r.p.ex will come tomorrow
s.r.p . ex-member 's coming tomorrow .
are the s.r.p.ex-member 's coming in tomorrow ?
why ? do you think s.r.p.ex-member will come tomorrow ?
s.r.p . 's gon na be here tomorrow .
well , the s.r.p ex-members will be here tomorrow .
his ex-girlfriend came in tomorrow .
r.p.r.p.ex-member 's coming tomorrow , and you know ?
s.r.p.r.p . 's got ta be here tomorrow .
a hundred bucks thing is gon na pay me ... . . .
it 's not about $ 100 if i clean my car .
the car will be 100 bucks if i clean it up .
people will probably owe me $ 100 if i clean my car .
good , guys , do n't give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
hey . $ 100 to get me up with my car .
you'il owe me $ 100 and clean my car .
does anyone owe me $ 100 if i clean my car ?
and if i clean my car , you 'll owe you have $ 100 bucks .
of course , there 's $ 100 for me to clean my car .
when she 's not perfect , she 's not allowed to be perfect .
the woman has only one 's fault .
what she 's not missing only one defect .
she 's not missing only one defect .
well
who 's missing only one defect .
who 's missing only one defect .
missing only one defect . do n't be perfect .
miss she missed only one defect to her perfect one .
only one defect of her failure to perfect .
every other door secure the hefty locked .
there 's a hefty locked locked , and all doors .
how can i secure all doors of the doors secure ?
they were all locked up by a hefty lock .
that does not secure any door safe .
and that was n't a hefty locked in every door .
someone else has a locked door and has a security .
he 's got a hefty lock . - yeah , put on the door .
security lock on every door
how are the doors of the hefty locks ?
being able to your best chance to find these men before they skip the city
what 's your best chance to find these men before they skip the city ?
the best chance is ever gon na find these men before they skip the city .
the best chance that we can find them before they skip the city .
with us we were in the best chance to find these men before they skip the city .
your best chance and us to find them before they leave town .
yeah , looking for us the best chance to find them before they skip the city .
you better looking for the men before they skip the city .
good way chance would be your best chance to find these men before he leaves town .
it 's just your chance that you will find them before they skip the city .
there are all the trucks loaded with radiation ,
well , their trucks with the radiation materials .
come on , the radiation material can be loaded .
their truck does n't have the radiation .
i ... have their trucks loaded with radiation .
the truck is loaded .
yeah , get in the truck loaded with radiation .
everybody 's got their trucks loaded , you radiation .
there 's a cargo loaded with the radiation .
their trucks , and that 's all about the radiation .
the project 's leading a non-killing project , which was called mclennen-forster .
the main project and leading to an army of non-killing weapons called mclennen-forster .
now mclennen-forster has been named mclennen-forster 's military project .
and now it 's called mclennen-forster 's military project .
that
leading project to an army weapons , and they call for mclennen-forster .
the main is that the project for a non-killing weapons was called mclennen-forster .
project for military weapons from the area of non-killing weapons
- as mclennen-forster was called mclennen-forster .
well
and do n't know the state is the same .
i 'm not really a state .
sir , it 's like this way .
and the state 's just like that .
oh , it 's just like a state .
and exactly the state , exactly the same .
there 's a state just like this .
the state , and in the same way will be the same .
and i know exactly the state 's exactly .
sir , it 's not the same state .
men have died ...
no dying for that guy .
that guy , who should n't have died .
should he die without him ?
he did n't die .
i did n't want to die
i know , not dying .
the man with the man should n't have died .
that guy should n't have died , he should have died .
the man should n't have died . .
priority is a need for greater attention to geographical evidence and differences in production techniques than before .
rather it was a need to pay for geographical indications and differences in production techniques instead of the past .
much more attention to geographical indications and differences in production techniques than before are not .
promoting geographical evidence and difference in manufacturing techniques more attention to be paid more attention is to be paid .
sir
a lot of attention to geographical evidence and differences in manufacturing techniques have been paid more attention than before .
much attention should be paid to geographical evidence and differences in manufacturing techniques before
make it to be more attention to geographical indications of geographical evidence of production techniques than before .
if the past were any longer developments in the past , they had to be paid for geographical evidence and differences in manufacturing techniques .
their geographical evidence needs to be much more attention to be paid to geographical evidence and difference in production techniques than before .
oh you 're you sweet .
nice ones -LRB- nice ones -RRB-
yeah , you can be sweet .
it 's going to be nice .
that was a sweet ...
the way of you is being sweet .
people give you sweet .
you 're so sweet .
how is it going ?
i think it 's nice .
well , do you want to hurt him ?
his job will hurt him and do it ?
bad things bad man ?
any way he hurt him with him ?
i 'll do what he does to him ?
he wo n't hurt what he does ?
they 're not really gon na hurt him ?
something was gon na hurt him ?
bad thing about what he does ?
that 'll hurt him ?
for the way of my dad asked me to do it .
no ... because my dad asked me to do .
now that 's how my dad asked me .
one day , it 's more of my dad to ask me .
you 'll just be the one that my dad asked me to do .
it 's just what my dad asked me to do .
you 're the one that my dad asked me , so i do .
the fact that my father asked me .

just as much as my dad asked me for me .
listen , you two of two of you talking .
the two of you talking .
good thing is not possible and that you two speak .
you have no way of talking .
nothing ` sno talking about you two .
you'il two talks come on .
your two talks were impossible .
oh , no way you two of talking .
you have nothing to talk about .
well , how did you get both talk ?
my face 's on this stupid blonde .
these are just me thinking that i 'm a stupid blonde .
would you make me feel like i 'm a stupid blonde ?
take on me that i 'm a stupid blonde .
it 's my stupid blonde with me .
that i 'm a stupid blonde about this
see , i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
oh , my god . i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
it 's gon na be a stupid blonde ...
is that beautiful dress ? to
in your beautiful clothes , there 's beautiful clothes .
wear beautiful clothes here on .
so far , when you wear , it 's beautiful clothes
beautiful clothes you wear .
yeah , beautiful clothes are beautiful .
when you wear , you wear beautiful clothes .
clothes will be beautiful .
how beautiful clothes do you wear ?
were you wearing beautiful clothes ?
their regiment had ten years ago .
they might have been ten . they were all against the regiment .
the regiment said ten were ten .
were ten of them at the regiment
it 's not like ten of them were against an entire regiment .
maybe ten people , which were against an entire regiment .
what they might have been ten were all over the regiment .
likely ... ten of them against the regiment .
is that maybe ten of them that were against an entire regiment ?
maybe 10 was what they were against an entire regiment ...
we 're in error when hydarn did it !
the hydarn will be the fault .
the hydarn was destroyed the fault ...
the fault of hydarn is not the one !
the mistake in hydarn 's fault .
do you ? blame hydarn 's fault !
hydarn made me fault .
how 's the fault of hydarn !
that 's bad for hydarn .
well , it would be the fault of hydarn ...
no , we do n't have a permanent monument to the moroc civilization success .
the moroc civilization has been successful and it 's a permanent memory .
permanent memory that has been achieved by the moroc civilization
we are forever remembered a successful monument of the moroc civilization .
i ca n't remember a permanent monument of moroc civilization success .
where is it that a permanent monument to the moroc civilization success ?
moroc 's skills are made a permanent monunosities .
when the moroc civilization has been successful , it is permanent monument .
encompassed and made of eternal monumental success .
i ... i see a permanent monunobtrusive monument to civilization ;
the dream is something to do with her .
and now he 's dreaming about her .
no , she 's a weird dream .
well , i had a strange dream , and i was dreaming .
yeah . and she had a weird dream .
and a strange dream she had
it 's a weird dream .
and a strange dream for her out there .
well , that was a weird dream .
and let out of her out of weird dream .
no people caught in the door . i guess
do n't let anyone get a doorman out there .
who in the doorman do n't know who he 's napping ?
i guess nobody can catch a doorman napping
my guess was to me that nobody would not be napping .
no one caught the doorman 's napping .
and i guess who catch the doorman napping .
how can anyone catch a doorman , i guess ?
did anyone seem to catch the doorman , i guess .
no one caught the doorman 's napping .
i know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
dad . dad does n't surprise me .
my old man would be surprised .
not surprising my father .
so not a surprise .
no way , the daddy thing , i never got me surprised .
know my dad for that reason why i 'm not surprised
my father 's fathers said i was n't surprised .
seeing my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
well , my dad 's not surprised me no .
our sun came back until we were 20 bucks away .
we just waited until the sun came out for the 20 bucks .
i guess we were waiting for the sun to come out after 20 bucks .
our sun waited until it came to 20 bucks
we'il wait , we'il wait today , i guess 20 bucks .
our little sun is waiting for us to make about $ 20 .
okay , what 's going on with the sun , waiting for 20 bucks ?
wait until the sun comes out for $ 20 .
now things are good wait for the sun to wait for about $ 20 .
we'il wait till sun walk past 20 bucks
he had no drugs !
take the medication for him !
no other medication will be on him .
and i ca n't take any more drugs !
you know , no drugs coming from him .
not the drugs !
he 's got no drugs !
is that the way of drugs ?
he was going to drugs
all right , i 'm not have drugs !
he 's gon na dig a hole , so he 's gon na dig .
and he 's gon na dig the hole .
yeah , dig a hole dig .
yeah , dig hole , yeah
his only job is digging the hole .
he picked up the hole .
dig the hole in it .
dig hole dig hole , i guess everything .
there 's a hole to dig .
what about him , and he 's digging a hole .
sometimes something happen when they plan
yeah , that 's sometimes different than plan .
i said nothing on the plan sometimes .
i know , sometimes things do n't work sometimes .
this will it happen sometimes . to plan .
it wo n't sometimes be planned .
it sometimes went bad when they planned .
you know ... sometimes things do n't go according to plan .
sometimes things not going on the plan .
it will happen sometimes when things do n't planned .
tom then raised him by .
with tom howard sides was talking about .
tom howard sides up .
the howard is full of him ...
tom picked up his sights .
tom howard was looking for him .
tom howard here goes for him .
tom howard 's sidle 's head will be over .
he 's got tom howard , and him , but him .
and tom howard sides on it .
and i 'm not gon na let that happen .
according to me , we 'll be forbidden .
i will let me do this .
let me and i will not be able to do this .
it 's impossible that i 'm not allowed .
when i 'm done , we 're off .
who am i not allowed to do .
i guess it 's not possible .
my job , people .
when i 'm done , we have no intention of doing this .
but they have n't made the mistake .
what if the mistake was garber . no .
the bad thing is garber makes the mistake .
none of this could have been the same mistake .
garber 's not the mistake .
does it look like this mistake ?
garber perceptive mistakes .
the mistake was that garber did not make .
never mind the garber who made the mistake .
garber 's mistakes were not here .
and you have a solo job .
`` the solo is your job . ``
today the job solo task do not exist .
one day you 'll be on your job .
the job 's for you .
and i have a solo job .
do n't take your solo job ...
you got a solo job .
you know , solo 's working .
the solo was working on you .
half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon
it was half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon . i .
half a century , it would have destroyed half a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon .
not even a century ago .
i wiped out our moon in half a century ago .
has it ever have a century since the scavengers destroyed our moon ?
half a century of the scavengers has destroyed our moon .
had it been half a have been destroyed by the moon ?
we guys a half century ago the scavengers .
it was half a century ago , the scavengers destroyed our moon .
ever get moisturizer ?
this is moisturizer ?
your moisturizer ?
i just got a moisturizer ?
you 've got moisturizer ?
moisturiser thing ? .
your moisturiser ? yeah .
have moisturiser , please ?
what you have for moisturizer ?
you got any moisturisers , right ?
in all these wounds , they will be suffering from the gravity of the ship .
everybody suffered up the injuries usually from the gravity of the ship .
gravity flyer was suffering from all those wounds .
sir
usually their injury will be suffered by a gravity flyers .
these wounds usually suffered from a gravity flyers .
such injury is usually suffered from gravity flyers as well .
and how many injuries are usually suffering from the flyers .
`` i ca n't believe all the injuries are usually suffered by gravity .
they suffered all the injuries usually from the gravity flyer .
so we 're gon na try and wait a few minutes .
just a few minutes later .
a few minutes to get there .
the next few minutes 's attempt is made .
we 're gon na try and wait a few minutes , sir .
we'il attempt holding another few minutes
we 're gon na try to wait a few minutes . yeah .
it 's possible that we 'll wait a few minutes .
we 're gon na try and wait a few minutes , i 'm gon na go .
we better try to try to wait a few minutes .
# to be afraid of nothing ... -RRB-
and i 'm not afraid of anything .
do i not fear of nothing ?
yeah , i 'm not afraid of anything .
nothing fear nothing worries me
and does he scare me ?
do n't worry about anything , to me ,
how do i fear nothing ?
does n't scare me ?
nothing scared me .
you were talking like god .
looks like you really talk like a man .
god damn is n't a thing to talk .
just like a god ...
i do n't even talking like he 's a god .
the only god 's gon na talk like god .
one people are as if he 's a god .
speak like a god .
you speak like he 's a god , maybe a man like him .
you speak , as if it 's a god .
does n't it seem more than six months old than i do ?
looks like he wo n't be here for six months .
you just seem six months old .
the whole things are probably not more than six months .
looks like he 's not here for six months .
i mean , i guess she 's not more than six months .
you look like it 's not more than six months .
did she look like six months ago ?
for me , it seems like she 's not more than six months .
look , she did n't seem to be in six months .
so how the book will change your life beyond his imagination .
ln way life you can change your life has no matter what it .
and then it 's possible to change your life beyond your imagination .
this book of yours now changes your life beyond his imagination .
and how the book changes your life beyond his imagination .
the book 's going to change your life beyond your imagination .
it 's the book that changes your life beyond your imagination .
like a book , that book changes your life beyond his imagination .
you 'll just change your life beyond your imagination .
the book like that book changed your life so your life .
you want something to talk to mr. eagles ?
these words are mr eagles ?
you wanted a word with mr. eagles ?
you want to talk to mr. eagles , and you want something ?
want to talk to mr eagles ?
mr eagles , sir ?
you want to talk to mr. eagles , you ?
you 'd like to talk to mr. eagles ,
why do n't you talk to mr. eagles ?
talk to mr. eagles ?
of course , no one will eat four marshmallows .
marshmlets ca n't eat four .
no one 's going to eat four marshmallows .
and no one eats four marshmallows
`` do n't eat four marshmallows . ''
now it 's not possible to eat four marshmallows .
what one eats four marshmlets four marshmallows !
do n't eat four marshmallows and do .
nobody eaten by four marshmallows at the stun .
no one 's going to eat four marshmallows , sta .
you learn the way you 're gon na ride that bike .
are you the way to learn to ride a bike ?
i know you , learn to ride a bike like this .
you were n't so sure you learned to ride a bike .
the going is as good as you learn to ride a bike .
it 's the way you learn to learn to ride .
yeah , it 's going to be a bike .
yeah . find out how you learn to ride a bike like this .
as you learn , you 'll be riding a bike .
what else would you learn to ride a bike like this ?
lamentable waste one ofthose insolent bastards to
in the end it 's lamentable about those disgusting bastards !
the bastard 's wasting !
was there really a waste ?
it 's lamentable waste , but they 're disgusting bastards !
because of the disgusting bastards !
i can waste it on those disgusting bastards .
lamentable shit , who 's wasting it !
so how do you waste it on those disgusting bastards ?
one one of those disgusting bastards !
what did you see ?
hey , how did you see her ?
you saw it on ?
hey , has seen it ?
any of you could see it ?
so you saw it ?
how is she seen ?
so what did you see ?
hey ... she 's seen ?
her ? saw it ?
she 's kind of scared of them , right , doctor ?
kind of a fear , huh , doctor ?
i 'll scare them pretty scared , right ?
if they 're scared , you scare off her , right , doc ?
she 's scared of them and she 's not here , right , right , right , right ?
oh , yeah , she 's pretty scared , huh , doc ?
pretty scary guy people .
scared shitless , right , doc ?
she 's pretty scared the hell out of them , doctor ?
will the doctors be ?
got no rest or coddle that 's different from the that 's stews in europe .
mrs. reneither is not in the rest or a little that is different from some stews .
he needed no rest or coddle , which is different from the way to europe .
european requires that he does n't rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in europe .
do n't worry , neither rest nor do , the coddle , some stews are needed in europe .
`` no rest , or to coddle , which is different from some steele in europe .
oh no rest , no coddle that 's different from some steele in europe .
and they do need not rest or coggle , which is different from some steele .
no one can rest nor coggle , which is different from some steele in europe .
which does not need to rest or be , which is different from some steele in europe .
missile construction machine rocket ... missile building .
they ' s built a rocket .
the rocket built it on .
rocket construction itself .
when it came from , rocket came from it .
he just said , that rocket is built .
what a rocket built .
in order to build , it , it 's already built by rocket .
what do they build a rocket ?
when they build a rocket will build .
we wanted to make sure we had been there if there .
i wanted out the way of making sure if there was enough space .
of course , what we wanted to make sure that there were sufficient space
something going on to make sure that there were plenty of space ...
we were just to make sure there if there were enough space , sir .
and what we want is we to make sure that there 's enough space ?
and how did we want to make sure we had been enough space ?
let us make sure we have enough space .
we want to do is make sure there were plenty of space and we could .
things made sure it if there were enough space .
he 's what the fbl and watched .
come on , bondi 's the fbl 's watching .
then i 'll watch the fbl .
when it 's the fbl 's watch , their guards will be watching .
good morning and fbl .
what the fbl 's watching .
he 's what the fbl and watched .
say , bondi 's what the fbl are watching .
bondi was like the fbl when he watched .
bondi 's what the fbl was watching , right ?
and how are we supposed to forget how to do the ordinary task ?
the others forget .
let 's forget how we should do the most normal task .
we'il forget how ordinary job work time business time .
and is it supposed to be forgotten how the most normal jobs ?
should n't forget the most common task
we have to forget , how to do the most normal .
`` let 's forget how the most normal work of this task .
our mind 's forgotten how to do the most normal job .
everything was ... about forgetting how to do the most common .
and someone 's got a bandorer ?
well , that 's a bandages ?
he gives anyone a bandoly ?
do n't anyone have a bandages , sir ?
so anyone 's got a bandages ?
you can tell anyone that they have a is ?
the bandoers are there ?
do you have any ? to
you got to the bandoly ?
i ca n't believe anyone 's bandages ?
so your night just did you stay ?
you were the one who did n't stay overnight ?
you do n't stay here tonight , or is n't it ?
so will mean you do n't stay overnight ? ``
'cause you'il stay here tonight ?
now it 's going to be you that you wo n't stay overnight ?
i ca n't say you stay here tonight .
what you mean you do n't you tonight ?
am i-i have a night to stay ?
i do n't think you stay here tonight .
will you be near ?
anything near what 's close ?
in the vicinity there was just what ?
it 's a near ? what 's close ?
the approaches are there ?
`` is that close ?
oh , uh , what are near ?
i just got a close position .
is that a distance ?
your distance was what ?
mom will come back ? mom .
that 's my mom ?
the mother is coming back , right ?
then you mean mom is your mom comes back ?
next time , mom home ?
well , the mother came back ?
with your mom , when mom comes back ?
mom one ? one ? - when mom ?
the mother did n't even come back ?
come on , mom home ?
i only got the european wine of the colors like blood .
of course , it 's european wine with colour like blood .
this does not going to be a european wine with colors like blood .
had to be the european wine with colour of blood .
but it 's european wine with colour like blood .
wine came out of europe as if it were blood .
is n't that the european wine is like in europe 's blood color as well as a blood .
is it european wine sound like blood ?
it 's european wine , so it 's like blood .
to be a european wine with the colour of blood
it was in charge of the mayor of liability by citizens when the policy failed ...
then they will call mayor , if citizens fail to accept the citizens of policy .
the mayor of state of liability for citizens if the policy on this has failed .
how long will the mayor be responsible for citizens if they fail ?
however , mayor 's going to be responsible for citizens when the policy fails .
`` mayor . `` we got into charge citizens ' duties when the policy failed .
mayor 's responsibility for citizens if the absence of such policy .
mayor people are going to be responsible for citizens when the policy is failing
to be responsible for citizens ' duties of the mayor , failure of such policy is failing .
the mayor is not going to be responsible for citizens when the policy is failing .
well , the imagination was what we welcome !
welcome the biggest imagination .
what imagination do you welcome ?
did you really enjoyed your imagination ?
-LRB- i -RRB- welcome and see the biggest imagination .
he 's welcome to your imagination .
well , the imagination do n't welcome !
the biggest imagination was enjoyed !
can i welcome the biggest imagination ?
you came out of imagination .
the european commission 's under the european commission 's protection measures before the marketing fraud starts .
the european commission 's business protection measure before marketing fraud ''
the european commission ... before the marketing fraud ... ... before the marketing fraud starts .
the european commission .
before the marketing fraud starts , i take action to protect businesses .
the european commission will be responsible for the business before the marketing fraud starts , the eu .
the european commission 's actions aimed at the time of the marketing fraud starts , the european commission 's protection measures aimed at businesses .
the european commission , before the marketing fraud starts , is taking action to protect businesses .
the european commission will take action to defend businesses before the marketing fraud , and the european commission starts .
it will also take action to protect businesses before marketing fraud
no clothes on , uh , that 's in your clothes .
no clothes on , that 's all right ? one time
how did you not dress ?
no one man do n't dress and is n't ?
you do n't dress or dressed ?
come on . you do n't dress ?
well , get your clothes down ?
no one 's your ?
i do n't dress ?
she 's in your clothes ?
that 's right , so i can fix my mistake .
why is that gon na give me a mistake ?
everything holds me back and rectify my mistake .
good hand , we got my fault . and i ' m
ok , give me a chance and rectify my mistake .
hands hand everything , one
and i return my mistake .
my hand told me i 'd be able to fix my mistakes .
hand him is my fault and rectify my fault .
let me just get my fault back .
bottles are supposed to mix with whisky , not a good idea i should do .
mixing whisky 's not a good idea to do .
when i mix the whisky with whiskey , i 'm not supposed to do it .
now that you mix the whisky with whiskey , it 's going to be no good idea .
it 's not a good idea to mix with whisky , one ideas .
bottles and whiskey .
the bottles , they 're no good at mixing whisky .
well , i never was able to mix the whisky with whiskey .
no whisky and whisky .
did you mix the bottles of whiskey i 'm not have n't think i 'm not should do that ?
its name was further simplifications for further simplifications .
furthermore , find out .
progress identified further simplifications also , to be identified at the moment .
it was another way to identify further simplicensing at the moment .
no . further simplicensing proposals for simplicity at is in addition to this .
these days , suggestions and simplifications .
i see that further simplifications are currently identified .
additional simplicity design simplicity suggestions today .
further simplicense suggestions currently have further simplifications , do not exist .
as regards this , they were now identified further simplifications .
is there any of them ?
they 're needlessly ? no .
people can be unsubstantiously ?
so many people ?
well , any man ca n't be ?
people are incompulsive ?
yeah . yeah , it 's a neeble ?
and any of them ? no .
and then it 's uneable ?
no one has ever heard ?
in that regard , my distinction is three situations .
no , it 's a distinction situations .
we differentiate three situations in that regard .
three situations are distinctable .
i distinguish three situations in that regard :
`` it makes me differentiate three situations .
situation three made difference was my distinction to say
3 , let me distinguish three situations .
the difference in three in the context of three situations was a distinction .
except for three situations in that regard .
how about the rate of the infrastructure authorisation procedure , have they address
and the speed of the infrastructure authorization has been dealt with ?
the speed that the infrastructure authorization process has been dealt with :
then they could be able to speed up the infrastructure authorisation procedure ?
it is the speed of the speed of the infrastructure authorization ?
the measure was made of the speed of the speed of the infrastructure authorisation ?
this is a way to speed of infrastructures for authorization procedure ?
so speed has not been achieved by establishing a system of infrastructures authorization .
quit on infrastructure authorization of the infrastructure ?
the speed of the infrastructure authorisation procedures also relate to the speed of the system ?
someone did so much as much as you wanted to do your dirty job .
let me think if you wan na do your dirty work ... ... that loser 's not well .
you want someone to do your dirty job , which loser does n't choose the right choice .
you probably think someone to do your dirty job ... that loser 's not the wrong choice .
i 'd say if you wanted someone to do your dirty job , that loser 's not a good choice .
maybe that 's no way to make a dirty work , the loser .
there are things you wan na do your dirty work your dirty little loser 's not a choice .
how does anyone want to do your dirty job ... ... that loser does n't a good choice ?
someone does your dirty job , which is n't a bad choice .
i told you that if you wanted someone to do your dirty job , the loser 's not a good choice .
have a reason why he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
sir
what about what he did it was for his big brain ... ... ... ... his own thirsty desires and alcohol .
reason is the reason why he wants to feed his big brains out of self-respect and alcohol .
the reason why he 's trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty after self-respect and alcohol .
why would he be able to feed his big brain ? the reason for self-esteem and alcohol .
he wanted to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect .
i was n't sure why he was trying to feed his big brains out after self-respect and alcohol and alcohol .
give him a reason to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
the reasons are why he was trying to feed his big brain and wish for self-respect himself and alcohol .
so no time to waste .
no time and i 'll lose .
we do n't waste time , and we do n't waste time .
so without time to lose .
no time to do , no one will be wasting .
of course , no time to lose .
we did , then . . . to
nothing will be wasted . to
nothing , uh ...
listen , we others .
several majestians rising from the grasslands , filled with raging white birds .
several majestic trees are rising from the grasslands , full with rampous white birds .
uh
so this is a couple of majestics trees rising out of the grasslands , full of the grass .
rising from the grasslands is a couple of majestians has been made of rampals .
sir
the grass rose several majestians from the grasslands , full of rampous white birds .
here 's a couple of majestians rising from the grasslands , full of rampous white birds .
majestic trees rose trees rose from the grasslands , which were filled with rampous white birds .
it 's not a couple of majestics trees rising trees rising trees full of angry white birds .
i was in your heart cut heart .
your heart 's full of a heart .
distraught heart really heart .
the heart is not yours .
that heart of yours is distraught , no .
the heart distraught will also be .
hearts distraught ...
did you not touch ?
i suppose your heart 's distraught .
one can really cut your heart .
it was in buddhism , because of buddhism that he believed that a man of a day a day .
sir
when did buddhism believe the soul of the soul of a in the 49th day ?
buddhism that a person 's soul reincarnates on the 49th day .
how do you believe that a man 's soul is returning to 49th day ?
buddhism
it also believes that a person 's soul reincarnates at the 49 days .
the buddhism was also in belief that the soul of a person 's soul retreated on the 49th day .
trust buddhist believes in a human soul revival at the 49th day
`` buddhism believes that a person 's soul will be restored to 49 day
the benefits can not be made by speed and anonymity .
is your advantage sent ?
so how can the speed and anonymity be the benefits of electronic bills ?
what benefits are made by electronic bills and anonymity ?
just an electronic bills .
the amount is in electronic bills .
speed and anonymity and benefits of electronic bills .
speed and anonymity are the benefits of electronic bills
this can not be an electronic bills of electronic bills .
the rate of anonymity is that the benefits are made .
behind a toilet , they 're in front of her husband .
then they found her husband out in the toilet .
she just had a toilet in the man 's husband found .
yeah
had been behind a toilet when his husband found her , would you ?
had her husband a toilet behind a toilet .
where 'd he find her husband out behind a toilet ?
she was behind a toilet , and her husband found her .
she ai n't right behind a toilet when her husband found her .
behind a toilet , she found her husband in a husband .
now . what do you think i have a hotel tomorrow ?
hotel tomorrow night for tomorrow
well , it 's not gon na be a hotel tomorrow .
new hotels and checks in the hotel tomorrow
the selected hotel will also be checked tomorrow .
and i 'm sure i 'll go to the hotel tomorrow .
the hotel 's ready .
the hotel was due tomorrow .
i have a hotel tomorrow at the house .
that was the hotel i was gon na check tomorrow .
this thing happens here , buddy , what happened here .
i have weird things weird things weird things happened here , and i 'm not know .
i have a little weird things ... i 'm weird .
my car thing happened to me .
it happened to me , but there 's something weird going on .
and have a weird things weird things going on here , bro !
i think it 's a little weird .
here 's a strange things , dude .
here 's something weird .
something weird happened to me , you could happen .
barbecued , he , he 'll borrow ?
he 's gon na borrow her barbed , guys ?
he was willing to borrow the knife ?
he wanted to borrow the knife ?
are n't you willing to borrow the ber ?
is he willing to borrow the ber ?
in fact , the man , is that he 's gon na borrow the knife ?
barbs are willing to borrow ?
and he made a barbed ?
barblockers , do you want to borrow the knife ?
let her prefer a tomb . i see no reason why not try to try to marry her to a nobleman .
the tomb 's better than her . .
once it would prefer a tomb , we seem to see why we 're marrying her to the nobleman .
that 's why she would prefer if she had preferred the grave , i saw no reason to try to marry her .

tombs and tomblower will we try to marry her .
the tombs prefer to the grave without knowing why we 're trying to marry her .
maybe i 'd rather be able to be married to a nobleman .
the grave reason 's supposed to be better off .
she'il prefer a tomb , i see no reason why we 're trying to marry her .
`` that i ca n't get married william whele .
you know and i ca n't marry william whele .
how 's it impossible to marry william whele ?
william and other man can and i
i 'm not going to marry william whele , and i ca n't .
no , no way of marrying william whele .
william whele 's not possible for me to marry william whele .
do n't marry william whele .
maybe i get married for william whele .
is n't it possible to marry william whele ?
the shooting positions are not moving !
fired position ! move !
did you move out of fire ?
out of fire !
the fire position was all moving !
they shoot position on fire .
shoot position , move !
shooting positions do n't move !
i 'm shooting position !
oh , you better ! fire !
now we have no one to hide him .
nobody hide him , no one 's fed .
no hiding , guys . no one , he 'll feed him .
i 'll never hide him .
that no one 's hiding him .
keep him out there , no one 's fed .
nobody hide little guy .
his face hid out of him .
hiding him , no one .
is no one able to hide him ?
that all the rest is just one toy .
like , just just a toy .
everything 's rest 's choice was a toy .
everything , it was just a toy .
does it just have to be a toy ?
everything else is , they 're just toys , you know .
what will it be ? all the other ... just a toy .
the rest is just a toy .
everything other than a toy
please be just a toy .
how was it not to tell roger ?
one man could n't tell roger ?
can you tell roger about this ?
nobody 's ever told roger ?
no one 's saying anything ?
why did n't anyone tell roger ?
so , it 's true nobody told roger about it ?
anybody such a thing roger could n't tell ?
hey nobody says that to roger ?
in order to do n't know , it is anyone to tell roger ?
is it a classic friend of mine like that ?
being a classic friend of mine 's what she wanted .
always ... classic ...
oh , i 'm a classic friend of hers .
she was a classic friend of hers .
always the classic friends want me to be the one .
friend one i wish she wants
you 're a classic friend of hers .
-LRB- man -RRB- classic friend is what she wants . .
classic friend 's kind of hers .
it really takes us from the car .
i know , we 're not sure we stole the time .
looks like our car . stole .
they stole and stole our car .
someone stole from us , because we stole the car .
car theft cars steal us .
the car is stolen .
did we steal the car ?
` we were stealing our car , ` said something .
someone stole our car .
and we 're gon na elevators .
i want another elevator .
hey , take advantage of other elevators .
which is the other elevator use ?
when we use the other elevator , we use that to use .
we 'll just use another elevator .
elevators take out other options .
the elevator used it again .
it takes advantage to the other elevators .
we 're using the other elevator , and we 'll use it .
he 's not talking , but i 'm not talking .
not just talking .
they 're talking to him .
how is he not talking ?
no such thing is talking .
he was not , no talking .
he had no talking .
the fact that he 's talking is not talking .
he 's not talking , sir .
will he tell you no ?
the mistakes are made for sure
stop it a mistake to be sure .
it 's a mistake for sure .
a mistake and sure .
your mistake must be certain .
a mistake for sure is coming .
just your sure error .
it 's a mistake . to be sure .
did error run there for sure ?
i ca n't see a mistake . to be sure .
the average salary and fast career salary and average career salary equivalent and an average price .
the results : the average salary for slow and fast career and average career salary is not equivalent .
the average salary for slow and fast career salary , and an average career reward is not equivalent .
consequently
and it will no be equivalent to an average reward for slow and fast career and a wage rate .
they are therefore not equivalent to a fast career and a salary of fast career wages .
the average reward is no equivalent to slow career and fast and fast career reward .
therefore they do not have the same value as a slow and fast career and fast career salary .
the result , slow and fast career salary , the average career equivalent , no equivalent .
the result . average reward for slow and fast career and average career salary is not equivalent .
they 're blowing his anger again , though , like a bubble .
did he have an explosion of rage , as if it were a bubble ?
it 's still to be angry as if it blew up to the bubble .
if he came back , he was blowing , he could feel his anger .
how are they still angry as if he were blowing ?
he was barking again as if he was still angry as a bubble .
he ai n't his anger , however , again , like bubbles blowing .
other rage and rage like a bubble
his rage , however , the same sound .
he still felt his anger as if he was blowing the bubbles .
when i was at a motel was , what do you think , what do you want to avoid ?
he also took a motel that the cockroach would have taken me away .
your cockroach would have taken pain to avoid .
come on
when does a motel of fastidious cockroach take pain to avoid ?
would it be a wonderful cockroach to avoid me cockroach ?
are i supposed cockroach 's fastidious cockroach ... ... to avoid
i mean , the motel was astoundient cockroach ... ... with pain to avoid .
and do n't let the motel be a fastidious cockroach .
as far as a motel was a motel cockroach , pain had to avoid .
serious . unexpected marriage ?
one thought you were gon na be surprised marriage ?
can i think you seriously considered marriage ?
you 're serious is going to be a surprise wedding ?
take it seriously , surprises you ?
marriage was really in your opinion , the surprise marriage of marriage ?
did anyone consider the wedding surprise ?
how seriously do you think you were getting married ?
in fact ... . seriously considering marrying surprises ?
you 're serious about marrying surprises ?
i know if humanity does n't have a future , dying .
his death is true if humanity does not have a future .
well , human beings will die if there 's no future for humanity .
then he 's all gon na die if he does n't have a future for humanity .
the future of humanity does n't die .
then his people will die if he does n't have a future for humanity .
said if humanity does n't have a future , sir .
who says if humanity does n't have a future .
but humanity had no future to die .
the man ai n't dying if he does n't have a future .
i 'm gon na give you a contract and dola girosa .
that will be your deal with you and dola girosa
will the contract and dola girosa be awarded for you .
the contract and dola girosa is what you 're dealing with .
you 'll have a contract and a dola girosa for you .
you really do n't have a contract and a dola girosa .
selling contracts and dola girosa is gon na be assigned to you .
dola girosa contracts , so that dola girosa for you .
dola girosa was in the contract and dola girosa for you .
such contract agreement is awarded dola girosa will be awarded you can you can you are dealing with .
such funny things .
i 'll find it amusing .
not that 's not my funny thing .
none of this would be fun .
no and no fun .
can you ... find it amusing ?
there seems to be no fun .
how can it be fun ?
my funny thing is a joke .
i guess i 'm not laughing .
the coat was not enough for her , but my sister ...
yeah
they 're on your coat a little bit , because my sister threw away .
well
we 've had enough for her , since the coat , my sister threw her out of hers .
not enough coat , my sister 's throwing him out .
did you sisters threw her out of the coat since she was n't nice sister anymore ?
would she have my sister 's coat out of her coat no longer than she did n't been nice .
since the coat no longer been enough coat , because my sister threw sister away .
that 's because my sister threw him out of the coat .
does it seem difficult ?
looks like it was hard ?
guess ca n't ?
it 's hard . it was hard ?
guess here 's hard ?
come on , think it hard ?
do you think it 's hard ?
that 's just a tough thing ?
and it 's hard ?
hard thinking is that ?
did you give me a wonder what the devil tasted like ?
i-i was wonder what the devil tasted like .
things can be asked me wonder what the devil tasted .
that 's wondering what the devil tasted like .
good thing is to be wondering what the devil taste of the devil tasted .
the wonder is a taste .
one devil will taste .
i 'm wondering what the devil 's taste and it 's .
wonder what the devil 's taste for .
will you be really a devil 's taste ?
well , crimes are they ?
this i know this is a crime .
that crime , your crime ...
and the crime ...
and you really do n't know this is a crime ?
yeah , you do n't know this is this ?
crime does n't know .
i know about the crime ...
oh , this crime 's a crime .
just like a crime , all right ?
well , maybe he has .
this is almost droop , his moustache .
the moustache could almost be droop .
his moustache seemed almost like droop .
his moustache 's seem to be very droop .
i could n't believe his moustache was nearly droop .
the moustache appeared , almost droop .
when his moustache was almost droop .
moustache , could almost , like his moustache .
wearing a moustache , almost seemed to droop .
the shifter was just gon na take my butt off .
the shifter leave my butt .
i-i got and got a shifter off my ass .
in my butt , it 's just possible to take my butt off .
`` that 's all i 'm gon na get me out of my butt . ``
hand one will take me out of my butt .
i 'm gon na take the shifter off my butt .
do n't let me get that shifter out
in my butt , there 's a shifter .
now we have to take the shifter off my butt .
how beautiful he 's doing .
yeah , yeah , beauty way
what beautiful things are ?
i could really be beautiful .
way everything was beautiful .
that 's the beauty .
look it was what a beauty was .
there was a beauty in this .
she 's beautiful and how beautiful .
the beauty of this is beautiful .
the improvement that we expect , especially , to eliminate of uncertainties for certain types of disaster .
by the improvement of this kind of course , especially , to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some sort , however .
what does it expect to improve , especially for eliminating uncertainties about the possibility of aid for certain kinds of disaster accidents ?
specifically , our improvement will be expected to be made to eliminate uncertainties regarding the possibility of some kind of disaster .
we were particularly likely to be able to remove uncertainties about some kind of disaster .
to make it to improve , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some kind of disaster .
and how did we expect such an improvement , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of some kind of some disaster ?
to improve this improvement , would we expect to remove uncertainties regarding the possibility of some kind of the disaster , will it ?
we waited up so far as to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some kind of disaster .
a way to be improved , especially for eligibility of uncertainties for some kind of disaster .
i found no document that this workspace could not .
who could not pass the documents to the workspace
is this workspace to pass documents . in this workspace ?
the document to the workspace never takes place .
no paper . pass no documents .
documents , are not allowed to this workspace .
however workspace failed documents to the workspace .
but never pass the documents to pass the documents to the workspace .
document is failed to the workspace . to
you have no documents to this workspace .
no one 's not me .
it 's like i 've been abused
not abuse me .
no one 's been abused .
have no abuse me
nobody abused me
it did n't abuse me .
what a shame .
what did they abuse me ?
my abuse 's not mine .
in the west hollywood that you ca n't arrest your dog ,
were you arresting the dog in west hollywood ?
now the dogs can arrest you in west hollywood .
you arrest your dog out of west hollywood .
in the west hollywood you ca n't arrest your dog .
arresting your dog from west hollywood is no longer in the world .
i 'm gon na arrest you in west hollywood . do n't get arrested your dog .
and you 're not gon na get arrested in west hollywood .
western hollywood for a detainees for your dog
i 'm sure you ca n't arrest your dog hollywood .
asia 's visa , right ?
marked asia . let them ` slowering '' visa .
one visa was made of asia .
did n't they ever marked an asian visa ?
they ca n't even be marked asia 's visa .
even their visa did n't match asia .
send an asian visa to run asia
marked out . asia 's visa .
sir , they marked the visa for asia .
why ai n't asia visa marked asia visa yet ?
once monster could see them in the corner .
`` do n't let that monster stuck a hole in the beast 's watching them .
after a moment of monster , one of his eyes around the corner .
it 's a monster who 's stuck in a hole around the corner to watch them .
looking at them and looking around the beast , and watching them .
do you have a hole in the corner and watch them ?
a monster 's stuck a hole around the corner to watch them .
one single eye sheaths
no . that 's a little bit more than a monster stuck a hole to watch .
a hole in the corner has stuck a single eye to watch .
if you know , you really dead people ?
the man just knew about you as dead ?
of course , he 's not dead ?
someone must ever know you 're dead ?
you know you dead ?
men and death man ?
two . people of your death ?
the people were already killed ?
did you know he 's dead ?
you were just know you were dead ?
this will be no longer plan ? no .
there 's no plan to stay long ?
you 're not planning on staying , your plan was that right ?
i had no plans to stay long .
are n't you planning on staying long ?
in your plans to stay long ?
well , you'il stayed ?
are n't you plan to stay long , going on the way ?
no plans were supposed to stay long ?
does anyone plan to stay much longer , your name ?
it makes it more advanced ?
one advanced technologies developing in this ?
you ever develop with technology ?
does he develop technology ?
the technology of this one of course it would that technology will develop ?
the kind of technology evolved in it evolved ?
how do they develop technology ?
i guess what technology has evolved ?
develop ... what technology they have evolved ?
in the development of technology ...
our place 's locked in .
we got it locked .
in , we 're locked .
locked in here .
the lock of us . come on .
. . locked us .
`` it 's in the lock . ``
these people will all be locked .
are we locked in ?
the man is in the lock . . to
in the colony answered from the colony quickly and reasonable .
picked up a hurry and a reasonable response .
that colony answered quickly , reasonable .
quickly the colony respond to a quick and sensible response .
colony 's response , which was fast and sensible .
colony have been quick and sensible .
i have a colony 's response 's fast and reasonable .
his colony response is in a hurry and a sensible position .
`` colony has been answered quickly and sensible .
the colony have not been answered quickly and conscientiously .
sir
well , we can be healing energy that emanates from love . ''
i can heal energy , emanating from love .
the strength of the healing energy that emanates are rising since .
oh , i know , there 's a strong healing energy that emannihilates from love .
the power is healing , which emanates from love
and we do n't have a strong healing energy that emannihilates from love .
the love emanates are healing power .
there 's the strength of healing energy and it emannihilating from love .
it 's not a strong healing energy . to love
whatever the original vampire does n't exist , he ca n't kill .
is it not happened to the original vampire ?
he killed an original vampire no longer .
that vampire does n't have anything to kill , ...
vampire original vampires did n't kill anything .
your vampire had nothing to do with the original vampire .
your vampire has nothing to kill ...
in fact , there 's nothing , the original vampire , nothing can kill .
and there 's going to kill of the original vampire .
the vampires have died .
pregnancy 's for an appropriate alternative treatment before the plan .
a change in an alternative treatment before the plan of pregnancy is planned
appropriate alternative alternative treatment before the plan .
there was a change to an appropriate alternative treatment before the planned pregnancy .
was n't that appropriate , did you just switch to an appropriate alternative treatment ?
pregnancy is supposed to be pregnant , you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment :
the appropriate alternative is a switch to an alternative treatment .
the changes are before the plan for pregnancy
pregnancy should also be transferred to an appropriate alternative treatment before the plan of pregnancy .
is n't there any time to switch to appropriate alternative treatment before the plan for pregnancy ?
`` the river you were talking about was going to die . ``
you say the river that you talked about to you jump in and died .
well , your river says she 's gone and died .
river 's been talking about you , jumping into it and dying .
the river you talked about , the one who jumped in and died .
the river will come to you when you and you talk about it .
how about the river you talked about , she jumped to death .
the river you talked about is up and dying .
it 's the river you 've been talking about , and died .
said the river that you were talking about ... about jumping into her death .
it seemed as if several wounds smashed his fingers .
`` and that looks like several shots smashed fingers . ``
he looks like several shots , smashed his fingers .
they seem a few shots out of his fingers smashed .
looks 's hitting his fingers with several shots .
his only fingers broke and seemed to be broken .
looks like a lot of them were smashed .
several fingers have been smashed .
someone seems to have been smashed and smashed his fingers .
they look like several shots smashed fingers .
so what about buying other firms ?
so much of course planning on buying the other firms ?
you planned to plan to buy the other company ?
so you on the purchase of other firms are you planning on giving up ?
how do you plan to buy the other company ?
i guess you 're planning on buying the other company .
your plan was you on buying other firms after that ?
if you want to buy the other company , you got any plans ?
so much of you is planning on the purchase of other firms ?
you mean , you planning on buying other firms ?
