i just dream about you yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday .
the two dreams i was just dreaming about yesterday .
you were dreaming yesterday and that 's for you .
dreaming yesterday , was dreaming about you .
i dreamed of you yesterday and was about you .
i dreamed of you yesterday .
i dreamed of you yesterday and you .
accommodation does not contain time .
is no time share .
there 's no time shares . to
there 's been no time shares ,
`` we do n't have time shares . ``
this is no time share .
they said there 's time shares .
i hate the accommodation time .
well , no time share of accommodation .
in the absence of time shares .
well , white people here know you 're not white , which is why they laugh .
and , if you 're not white , the reason he 's laughing is n't .
white people know you 're not white , and they just laugh .
white people know you 're not white , and that 's why they laugh .
white male people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
white people know you 're not white and that 's why they laugh .
white people know that you 're not white , which is why they laugh .
white people know you 're not white , and it 's why they laugh
you know that you 're not white . white people know why they laugh .
white people know you 're not white , and so white , they laugh .
alcohol and cigarettes , not too .
that alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden , huh ?
alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden , would n't they ?
alcohol are forbidden , cigarettes
those drinks are for alcohol and smoke or smoke
alcohol and smoke in it is prohibited
`` here 's alcohol and cigarettes forbidden .
that alcohol and cigarettes are forbidden .
and the booze company are forbidden .
all those drinks were forbidden , and smoked .
taxi , how did it go ?
taxi how did he do ?
and how did the taxi do ,
how 'd he have a taxi ?
taxi did in the taxi , `` what did it do ?
you do n't have a taxi ?
this was going to be a taxi ?
how did he get a taxi ?
he did n't have a taxi ?
oh , and how did he do the taxi ?
his side croughs a huge black wolf dog .
his hand crouched a large black wolf dog .
more importantly , the dog is crouching the black wolf .
he croughed a large black wolf dog .
a huge dog crouched slightly into the black wolf .
the dog crouched a large black wolf in his face .
he was crouching a huge black wolf dog .
with a huge black wolf dog .
his side was crouching a huge black wolf dog .
someone croughed a huge . to his dog .
i guess it 's not going to be difficult to imagine where he ...
hard enough to imagine where they might hide them underground .
it will be difficult for me to imagine where they can hide them underground .
well , i and i can not imagine where they can hide it underground .
i mean , difficult i 'm sure they imagine where they can hide it hide them underground .
there 's a difficult thing to imagine where they can hide it underground .
it 's difficult for me that i imagine where they can hide it underground .
that 's difficult for me that i imagine where they can hide them underground .
difficult to imagine where he might hide it underground .
it 's difficult for me to imagine where they can hide it underground
has the boy 's son found anything ?
and was there something to charge the baby ?
did we find something to charge the baby ?
did we find something to charge the baby ?
we 've found something to charge the boy ?
have we found something to charge the baby ?
find something for the baby with him ?
the boy did n't even find anything ?
have we found something to charge the baby ?
was our thing that we found out about the baby ?
does anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband , you know ?
did you know anyone who would want to hurt your husband ?
`` anyone who might want to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband , he will ?
you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
you know , anyone who wants to hurt your husband
do you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
do you know anyone who wants to hurt your husband ?
come on the house , that 's through the break .
the way nixon went down is that he broke into the hotel room .
nixons have fallen into the hotel room .
the way to nixon goes to the hotel .
nixon 's `` s floor is to the hotel room .
he 's going to the hotel .
the way nixon to the way to the hotel room .
the way is to go down to the hotel . . .
the next time nixon downstairs is to break into the hotel room .
it 's the way nixon went down to the hotel room .
it 's your first studio .
that 's your first studio .
it 's your first studio .
it 's your first studio .
the studio is alone .
that 's your first studio .
that 's your first studio .
that 's your first studio . to
he 's got his first studio .
okay , your first studio .
you , thomas , and thomas are this hat .
are you wondering what thomas had on his hat how big ?
you 're wondering what thomas had on the hell ?
you wonder how thomas had a big hat .
you wonder , how did thomas get a big hat ?
do you know what thomas had a big hat ?
you wonder how thomas had a big hat .
you know , and how come thomas had a big hat , you know ?
you wondered how thomas had a big hat , and this kind of thing .
you know what thomas had ? you wondering how much of that hat was .
we should get a helicopter .
we should get a helicopter .
that chopper is supposed to be .
i guess the chopper on the chopper .
we better get the chopper back on .
and if we have a helicopter , we should go ...
that chopper is supposed to be .
by the way we 're ready .
we have a helicopter , please .
i mean , we have a helicopter . i 'm supposed to go , one .
you 're not dressed , and you 're not dressed ?
do you think you 're gon na dress ? in your clothes
you 're gon na dress ?
will you be dressed ?
will you come back for clothes ?
will you not dress ?
not even gon na dress ?
you 're not dressed ?
you 're not dressed , huh ? yeah .
you 're not dressed ?
banks in west adams do n't have small business loans for poor black people .
weird-bank loans will be out of small business loans for poor black people in west adams .
weirder business banks will be out of small business loans for poor black people in west adams .
no
banks in west adams will and will not give small loans for poor black men in the west adams .
most banks wo n't be paying small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
the banks wo n't be paying small business loans to poor black people in west adams .
the bank banks wo n't even give us poor black people to the west adams .
the bank 's got ta do is n't small business loans for poor black people in west adams .
weirder business banks will be out of small business loans for poor black people in west adams .
deadline for submitting applications should be submitted , at 22 : 00 a.m. , on midnight .
deadline for submission of application forms that may 2013 at midnight .
submitting deadline is at 22 : 00 a.m. on midnight .
the deadline is to be submitted in 12 applications and may 2013 at midnight
it is possible to submit a deadline for submission of application forms of 22 may 2013 .
it may be 24 : 00 in the deadline for application forms of application .
deadline should be made for submission of applications of 22 may 2013 .
deadline application form says that 22 may 2013 period 2013
such application form appears to be delayed by 22 : 00
its deadline is allowed to be submitted at midnight ...
the veal eye can scare a little bit to watch ...
the calves eye can be frightening to see a couple of butchers .
the caller 's eye may scare some scary to see some of the butchers .
the calves ' eyes could scare a couple of them .
the calves ' eyes could scare a couple of them .
you see the callous eye on the caller .
the eyes of the caller 's eyes scary enough eyes to the butchers .
callous eyes is freaking out to scare a couple of butchers .
the eyes of the calves could scare a little butchers .
a little ` vetant can look at can see the caller 's eyes .
alone and cut from civilization had been spending the past the queen of civilization .
did civilizilizations have been the last five years away from the fact that mr queen had spent .
and cut out of civilization ... . . . . and did mr. queen spend five years ago mr queen ?
and it 's just that it 's the last five years of civilization that mr queen has taken .
alone , what will it be like mr. queen to cut out of your entire civilization ?
just go away from civilization , which mr. queen has spent five years .
this was just going to be the last five years of civilization and the queen .
alone stop civilization , which is how mr. queen has spent five years in his last time .
the civilization itself and the way out of the civilization , mr queen , has been spending five years away from the past .
make sure mr. queen has spent five years with civilization , as mr queen .
well , marriage was due to ms. honeychurch and mr kutse in january .
ms. honeychurch is going to marry , as well as mr. kutse , january .
i have a wedding between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse .
this is the wedding of 's going 's going to happen to miss honey .
there 's a wedding between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse .
there 's a marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. kutse ,
`` then miss honeychurch 's wedding with mr honeychurch in january ''
ms. honeychurch 's not going to marry you and mr. vyse .
i guess the marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse .
is it ? marriage between miss honeychurch and mr. vyse .
police think the bombing and the gunfight in ' s apartment , maybe
he thinks the police are going to bomb and the gunfight in the apartment .
no , please , the police think the bombing and the gunfight in the apartment may be connected .
no , you know , the police think , there was a bomb in the apartment , a gun .
sir
the police i guess will be connected to the bombing and today 's gunfight in the apartment .
police ' s police , it probably is n't just a game
police thinks the bombing and the gunfight in the apartment may be connected .
police think the bombing and the gunfight in the apartment may be connected .
police think , the bombing and today ' s gunfight in the apartment may be connected .
roughly five-ten tall , they know , but his well-mounted coat could not be hidden slightly over his shoulders .
`` but he could n't hide a little around five at a dozen height of the height of his well-made coat .
the outboard jacket has failed to hide a little over five or ten .
roughly five-ten tall , there was a well-mounted jacket , and a little cloak could n't hide , in his shoulders .
a five-ten height , `` was the well-mounted jacket , which could not be hidden slightly around his shoulders .
a five-ten at the height was that was that was not a well-made jacket , which could not be hidden .
roughly five ten height means that his well-made jacket could not be hidden slightly around his shoulders .
he wiped out a five-ten height with a well-drawn jacket that could not be hidden slightly around his shoulders .
his jacket has failed to a little more than five ten years .
now , about five-ten tall and his well-made jacket was not be hidden only a little around her shoulders
consultations took place last year .
comprehensive consultations has and have been carried out over the past year
comprehensive consultation has been carried out over the past year .
comprehensive consultation took place last year
we have a comprehensive consultations taken place over the past year
i have n't . . . . . . . . . . . .
comprehensive consultations ... . has been carried out over the past year .
consultation was made during the past year .
the last year was already organised by comprehensive consultations .
their consultation took place last year .
the gold 's going to change .
the gold is going to change everything .
it 'll change all the gold .
all the gold will change , but the gold will change .
wo n't gold make the gold ?
the gold 's going to change everything .
all the gold , everything 's going to change . different .
i 'm going to do anything else . according to the gold
gold makes things in the gold ...
the gold 's going to change , all this kind of course .
i suppose you gon na close all right , close all the plines still play in section 5 ?
you could be locked up all the plines still in section five ?
i thought you guys could be playing in section 5 will be closed ?
you could be locked up all the plines still in section five ?
you can go , and you shut down , and keep playing in section 5 ?
can you go ... and close all the prows ... ... which are still in section 5 ?
you still has a door to close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 ,
you can go and close all the prows that are still playing in section 5 ?
you could be locked up all the plines still in section five ?
every prow can be closed , which is still in section 5 ?
lost parts is a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
the role playing is a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town with him .
the role he 's gon na play is a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
to the role there 's a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
the role he plays is a crazy scientist who 's a whole town .
they 're a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town . . .
to play , his role is a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
the role he 's gon na be a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole town .
the role he was playing was going to play a crazy scientist who destroyed the whole town .
the role he plays will be a crazy scientist who will destroy the whole town .
50 bucks for the goods stolen from you , you son of a bitch .
the old people who stole 50 bucks today .
and $ 50 worth of goods stolen by a bastard today .
50 bucks worth of goods stolen by a bastard today .
and it was 50 bucks for the goods , and it was stolen today .
it was $ 50 worth of the goods stolen from the bastard today .
and $ 50 worth of goods stolen by a bastard today .
50 bucks stolen by a bastard did n't steal 50 bucks .
today was 50 bucks to steal the goods today .
and it 's 50 bucks to steal the goods today . to a bastard .
are n't you a very good joke !
you 're not a very good man .
but your fun is very well !
you have a very good joss .
you know , you 've got a really good fun man
but you 've got a really nice little fun .
you ' re a really good .
yeah , this is a really good joss !
you 've just got a very good joss .
you know , you have a really good joss .
if they sell gasoline , you know ? yeah .
yeah , yeah , so they sell gasoline to toys ?
hey , do n't they selling gasoline ?
say , they sell ...
they 're not selling gasoline in the toy stores ...
say , that 's not what they sell gasoline ?
that sells gasoline to toy stores ?
`` if they sell gasoline ?
and do they sell gasoline to toy stores ?
say , they 're selling gasoline to toy stores ?
reactions will also be carried out on the opposite response to the plan
let 's do the opposite response to his plan .
everything will be carried out of the opposite response to his plan .
he 's going to be the opposite reaction to the plan he made .
i 'll do the contrary with the plan he made the plan .
we 'll do the opposite response to the plan he made .
we were going to do the opposite response to the plan he had drawn up ...
let 's do the opposite response to his plan ,
that we 're gon na do the opposite response to his plan .
yeah . we 're gon na do the opposite reaction to the plan he made .
oh , have you seen the movie jaws ?
has it seen a movie bite ?
you were seeing a movie bite ?
have you seen a movie bite ?
have you seen the movie jaws ?
have you seen the movie jaws ?
you 've seen a movie bite ? ``
you saw the movie jaws ? to
`` you 've seen a movie bite ? ``
is that what you saw a movie bite ?
do n't you feel much pain in your head ?
is the head never hurt much ?
did your head not hurt much ?
did head hurt much ?
is there a headache too much ?
does the head hurt much ?
did the head hurt too much ?
the head hurts without pain .
is the head pain in the head ?
do you think your head hurts too much ?
we have more than money
the money is money ,
we have more than money . ``
i know it 's more than money .
`` many things have no money . ``
things over there are over there
not things , other things
there 's something more than money .
there was nothing to do with money .
money 's out there .
find the key to open the lock , it has to be done .
i know the key to open the lock , i did n't need any players .
find the key to open his lock , which all players have to do .
if all players have to do , they found .
i 'm gon na find the key to open the lock , what all players have to do .
look
find the key to open the lock ... . . and all players have to do .
find the key to open his lock is what all players have to do .
find the key to open the lock to do what all players have to do .
find the key to open the lock .
would you like kissing bear ? of course .
`` are you kissing bear ?
are n't you gon na kiss bear ?
is n't that a kiss from bear ?
let 's kiss bear .
you wan na kiss bear , are you ?
would you rather kiss with bear ?
you 're not kissing bear ?
would you rather kiss bear , please ?
does he kiss bear ?
dozens of movements , variation of attack , counterattack and defense and defense skills .
his skills were required by dozens of attacks , counterattack , counterattacks , defense .
dozens moves , variation of attack , counterattack , and defense , are required for swordsman .
dozens of movements , an attack , counterattack and defense and defense is a man 's ability to be swordsman .
dozens of movements , variation of attack , counterattack and defense are not necessary for swordsman .
dozens moves , uh , dozens of attacks , counterattacks , defense and defense are an ability to swordsman .
dozens of movements , variation of attacks , counterattacks , and defense are required to be swordsman .
ten moves are needed to attack , counterattack , defense , required skills of swordsman .
in dozens of movements , we need an attack , counterattack , defense skills needed skills .
dozens of movements , variation of attack , counterattack and defense will require skills for the swordsman .
you remember that five feet more than five feet more ... . . . .
i 'm sure , sir , and remember that five feet more , you might miss .
the number of legs is to be missed .
do n't forget that five legs more , which is what you 're gon na miss .
remember that five feet more , which is how much you 're gon na miss .
hey , remember that five legs more , which is gon na miss a lot .

remember , this is about five legs more , that 's what you 're gon na miss .
you remember that five feet more , so do n't forget about it .
i remember that five feet more , but five feet will be missing .
teach instead to throw stuff , not to me
let me teach instead of throwing things
teach me instead throwing stuff instead .
i 'm teaching , but i 'm not gon na throw stuff .
teaching instead throwing stuff , instead of throwing things
just teach instead of throwing things .
teach me instead throw stuff
i teach instead of throwing stuff .
come on , i teach instead of throwing things .
teach me ... instead i throw stuff
such meetings are usually included in the amount of preparatory for candidates should be taken into consideration by the candidates .
meetings of the meeting `` are generally to be included in the priority work of candidates .
their meeting generally includes a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs with candidates .
their meetings include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be considered to be considered by candidates .
such meetings generally include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs with candidates .
generally
the meetings used to include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs , which should be considered by candidates .
most meetings should generally be included in terms of priority work .
such meetings usually include a substantial number of pre-paratory jobs which should be taken into account by candidates .
they meetings usually do n't have much of the preparse .
`` he wins 30 chaillings . ''
he wins 30 chaillings . to
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
she 'll win 30 chaillings
they 're gon na win . to win 30
i guess he wins 30 chaillings .
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
they 're gon na win 30 chaillings ,
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
she 'll win 30 chaillings .
my baby is a kidnapping .
and my baby 's been abducted .
my baby 's on the kidnapping .
kid was on the kidnapping .
little kid is a kidnap
my baby has n't kidnapped .
my baby is not on the kidnapping .
my baby is abducted .
baby is a kidnapping .
nice to kidnap my baby .
fun will be winning ?
has it been fun to win ?
will the wins ? to ``
the victory gave you fun ?
is it good ?
is there a victory ?
enjoy the victory ?
has the victory ?
is there a victory ?
is that happy to win ?
he believed his son had died , attacked .
he believed , his son would not die in a terrorist attacks .
son was murdered by his son . to attack .
he thinks , his son died in the terrorist attack ``
they believe their son 's death in a terrorist attack .
that was certain his son died in a terrorist attack .
he believed that his son died of a terrorist attack
he believes his son 's dead . to the terrorist attacks . to
he believed that his son had been attacked
john : believed that his son had died in a terrorist attack .
we 're going to town for another night . ``
it 's just going to be another night than in town .
it will be another night than in town
this is another night than in town .
in the same time for another night .
is another night more than in town ...
in town , it 's another night than in town .
this is ... different ... this whole night ...
at night before the other night ...
you , well ... another night than in town .
is it the hospital ?
ca n't he be in the hospital ?
`` is it the hospital of the vet ?
are you doing a veterran hospitals ?
oh . is the hospital of the vet ?
does he go to the hospital ?
the vet 's hospital ?
is n't that a vet ?
are n't they from the hospital ?
have you been to be a hospital ?
there he was talking to hebrew for ten minutes .
he could stand there ten minutes ago , talking to hebrew for .
here , he spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
here , he spoke in ten minutes .
his position was at ten minutes before hebrew .
in the moment , the hebrew spoke ten minutes .
standing here , they 've only been talking about hebrew for ten minutes .
he 's talking to hebrew in ten minutes .
standing right there , they 've been talking to hebrew for ten minutes
he stood here that he spoke hebrew for ten minutes .
is that what they hate fire !
they 're men , they hate fire .
they 're like men , they hate fire ,
`` they do n't like fire !
`` men hate fire !
they 're the men who hate fire .
they 're the men who hate fire .
they were the men who hated the fire .
do it to fire
are hated fire !
it looked the same as soon as i saw him .
but it looked as if it was attacked by the fbl when i saw it .
but it seemed to have been attacked at the time i 've seen .
but it seemed to me , it was attacked at the time , i 've seen it .
but it seemed to have been attacked at the time i 've seen .
his eyes seemed the fbl during my time .
but it seemed to have been attacked at the time i 've seen .
fbl are still the one that were attacked when i saw him .
yet he looked , as if the fbl had been attacked the last time .
but it seemed to have been attacked at the time i 've seen .
you did n't hurt your baby , but your baby .
nothing happened to your baby .
i never hurt your baby hurt baby hurt me .
from me , your baby 's not hurt .
you did n't hurt your baby ...
your baby was no longer with me .
your baby has n't been hurt
your baby did n't hurt me .
no , sir , your baby 's not hurt , was wounded .
your baby never hurt me ...
the court shall demand the court of appeal to the oath of national law .
the court shall then be asked in the application of the court
to the court 's request that such statements are made under oath when national legislation .
and the court requests that such statements be made under oath when national law allows .
the court shall demand the court of appeal to the oath of national law .
and the court requests that such statements be made under oath when national law allows .
the court shall demand the court of appeal to the oath of national law .
the court 's request shall be made under oath if national law allows them .
the court shall demand the court of appeal to the oath of national law .
it shall be requested that such statements be made under oath if national law allows : .
that 's the reason i 'm gon na scare her , so let him go .

of course , i 'm gon na scare her , which is why she 's gon na him alone .
i 'm gon na scare her , and she 's gon na leave her alone .
that 's why i 'm gon na scare her , which is why she 's gon na herself .

she 's just because of me why she 's gon na leave her alone .
i 'm gon na scare her , so let her alone .
that i 'm gon na scare her , so she 's gon na leave her alone .
why i 'm gon na scare her , he would leave her alone .
well , i need to sit in my ass and watch the statement .
oh , uh
i 'm gon na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
i wan na sit in my ass and watch the statement .
yeah
i must also sit in my butt and watch the statement .
i got ta sit on my ass , and when i see the statement .
and i 'm just supposed to sit in my ass and watch the statement .
i just got ta sit in my ass and watch the statement .
in my ass , i got ta sit over there and watch the statement .
looks like she wrote the book on the drive . ``
she 's writing a book about driving .
she appears to have written a book about driving .
seem to be writing , drive book said , driving .
she 's writing a book about driving .
she wrote the book about driving .
she must have written a book on her drive .
she must have written a book on her drive .
as it looks , to me , she wrote , she wrote her book about driving .
everything looks like she says and the book about driving .
he was released from prison yesterday . yeah .
even if he 's out of prison yesterday , i know .
his prison got him to prison yesterday .
yesterday 's release from prison has been released .
he was released from prison yesterday .
he 's out of prison yesterday , okay ?
last night , they released him from prison .
he was out of jail yesterday . ``
yesterday ago they took off his prison yesterday .
`` he was released from prison yesterday .
that 's not what we 're asking for five million dollars .
i thought it 's five million dollars .
what we want five million dollars , and five million dollars .
we want to say five million dollars . ``
and let 's get five million dollars .
`` what we 're asking was five million dollars . ``
that 's five million dollars .
what we 're asking was five million dollars .
it 's what we 're asking for five million dollars .
and we 're asking for five million dollars .
could also be chosen from a film or the pottery class
the film may be selected or a pottery class
you can choose between the film and the pottery class .
maybe you can just pick up a movie or the pottery class .
you can choose between the film and the pottery class .
and you can choose between movies or the pottery class .
you can pick up the film or the pottery class ...
you can choose between the film and the pottery class
you pick up between the movies or the pottery class ...
you can choose between the film or pottery class . to
to start to take their women once settled ...
they start , to serenade their wives , to the woman , . .
start serenade , `` women , once settled once settled .
do n't start serenade women once settled down .
he starts to be their women when he settled down .
people who start talking to their wives once settled , sir .
are they gon na start serenade their women once settled down .
let 's gon na serenade their female once settled down .
they will begin to serenade their female once settled down
they start serenade women .
and ... he ai n't even have a gram of truth in his photos .
and they have no gram of truth in their photos .
not is the truth and image gram . ``
and he does n't even a gram of truth in his photos .
and no gram of truth in his photos .
well , in his photos , in his photos there are never any grams of truth .
there 's no gram of truth in his photos , no .
it 's not even a gram of truth in his photos .
and then there was no gram of truth in his photos .
that it was n't even a gram of truth .
do you have a real day for the prime minister 's employees ?
does this make you the first day at the prime minister 's employees ?
is your first day to your first minister 's employees ? to
`` so the job is for you really at the staff of the prime minister ?
are you the prime minister 's staff , really ?
i want you to go to the prime minister 's staff of the first day .
does the day of the prime minister 's employees really work ?
do you have a real day for the prime minister 's employees ?
was that the first day at the prime minister 's employees ?
is that really your first day in the prime minister 's employees ?
well , unless i 'm a monster hunting a monster
unless you 're not a monster we 're gon na hunt a monster ,
just not that monster 's no monster hunt ,
unless you 're a monster , we 'll hunt the beast .
no monster will hunt the same if you do n't .
unless , it 's not just you chasing a monster .
except you wo n't be a monster we hunt the monsters .
i know . only if you are n't a beast .
unless you are a monster we 're gon na hunt the monsters .
but then i was the monster , if you were n't a monster .
early june 2008 , the company closed for most of its operations .
the company closed its operations , starting june 2008 .
the early june 2008 were mostly from the company to his operations .
there was a company that closed mostly closed mostly from june 2008 .
early june 2008 's company i shut down the operations .
in early june 2008 his company has closed the majority of its operations .
at the beginning of june 2008 closed , the company operations .
early june 2008 company close to most of its operations closed .
the early june 2008 closed the company mostly .
society has been closed for the company since june 2008 .
did he get shaken ?
have you been shocked ?
did he shock him ?
did you shock him ?
was it shocked , sir ?
shock was it ?
have you been shocked ?
was n't it shocked ?
did he even shock him ?
did he shock up ?
in the end , this may cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
that effect is , you can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
the biggest effects also cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
`` the effect can cause difficulties in eating and drinking occurred .
effects can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
that impact can cause difficulties in eating and drinking ,
such adverse effects can cause difficulties in eating and drinking .
but it can not cause any problems to eat and drink .
so can the impact of eating and drinking trouble and drinking . ``
these effects made it difficult to eat and drink .
he 's gon na fire us both .
he 's probably shooting .
they 're gon na fire us both . ``
they can fire us both . to
they can both fire us .
they fired , like , both of course .
getting fired can be fired
both of us were fired .
everyone gets on fire .
let 's both get fired .
well , dress , you 're gon na be more beautiful than any prince
dress like that , i wish you than any prince .
it looks more beautiful than any prince .
you dress like that ... is more beautiful than any prince .
you dress like that , and more beautiful than you do with the prince .
you dress this kind of a beautiful prince than any prince .
your dress is more beautiful , than any prince .
you 're more beautiful than any prince .
you dress the same as beautiful as the prince .
you dress the same way you look handsome than any prince
you ca n't verify the file .
files you ca n't be verified
the file of the certificate could not be verified .
unable to verify the file .
file 's not verified .
unable to verify the file .
you ca n't verify the file .
no possible verify of the file
file is not verified
file could not be verified .
they die of them ? `` said panagyn .
they 'll die ? `` said panagyn .
death even dead ? ` said panagyn .
` they die , ` the panagyn said .
he 's dying ? `` said panagyn .
` they die ? ` said panagyn .
` people are dying ? ` said panagyn .
` they 're going to die , ` said panagyn .
they die , `` panagyn said .
` then die , did panagyn ?
astronauts at all ?
is that your astronauts ?
you 're not astronauts ?
was n't that astronauts ?
now you 're not astronauts ?
you 're not astronaut ?
are n't you astronauts , astronauts ?
ca n't you be astronauts ?
well , are n't you astronauts ?
are n't you astronauts ?
i 'm not going to be your friend .
i 'm not ... friends ...
did i want to be your friend ?
i hate being your friend .
i don ' t want to be your friend
i do you want to be your friend
yeah . i 'm not to be your friend .
i did n't want to be your friend .
i do n't want to be your friend ...
i 'm not going to be your friend !
and you 're not mad at me ?
and do you upset me mad at you ?
do you get mad at me ?
how about not upset me ?
you 're not mad at me ?
hey , is there no anger ?
you 're not mad at me ?
does n't that upset you about me ?
is it not upset you ?
you 're gon na upset you upset you 're mad at me ? ``
the war and attack people ' human and the nation 's soldiers .
war declaring and attacking people and troops of the nation are bound to be equivalent .
ai n't no way to declaring war and attack people and soldiers of the people .
war and attack people and soldiers of the nation are not necessarily not equivalent .
declaring war and attacking people and soldiers from the nation , which is necessarily equivalent .
it is unnecessary to declarate the war and attack people and soldiers of the nation .
declaring the war and attacking people and soldiers of these countries is no longer an equivalent .
oh , it 's not necessarily equivalent to declaring and attacking people and soldiers .
i guess the war and attack the war and the nation and the nation are not necessarily equivalent .
such war attacks are not necessarily equivalent to the people and the soldiers of the nation .
we ... we 're too slow . we 're never gon na finish our quota .
grandpa , we 're not going to make this speed .
this is too slow !
we 're too slowly , grandpa , grandpa , we 're never gon na finish our quota .
and wo n't we in such a speed to make our quota .
it 's too slow for our quota .
we 're too slow .
are we too slow for our quota !
are we too slow ? let 's never gon na finish our quota !
grandpa , we ' re going to be able to do it too slowly .
why did n't i miss you , ladies ?
well i just ...
`` what i ca n't miss you , ladies !
`` if i do n't miss you , my lady did .
`` even if i do n't miss you , ladies .
`` well i miss you , my lady ...
yeah , how come i do n't miss you , ladies .
i ca n't miss you , my lady .
no one 's gon na miss you , ladies .
how come i do n't miss you , ladies .
they 're all born twice and he 's born .
every man is born twice , and says .
say two born twice .
say , everybody 's born twice , that guy .
he 's born twice . men say .
he 's born twice . men say .
everybody 's born twice , but two , that , and say .
everybody born twice , the guy 's saying .
everybody 's born twice , but twice , and then .
they 're all born twice and he 's born .
captain muler , anybody else 's not aware of that .
captain muler ... or anybody else no one else 's understanding ... would prefer .
captain
captain
captain muler , no one else does n't know about this .
captain muler , anybody else who does n't know about this is better .
yeah . captain , by no one else , captain muler or anyone else do n't know about that .
captain
furthermore , captain muler or anybody else did .
no one knows captain muler or anybody else .
okay ... and now my film 's murder .
my own film murder time was taken .
they were already murdered by my film .
now he 's a killer 's murder .
and now my film is dead
now they 're gon na kill .
now he 's killing my film .
that 's my movie . kill me .
there are murders in the film .
and my movies are now murdered .
our contract with us is needed .
and we just got to be here and that contract .
the contract must be in our case .
in our contract , we got ta go .
that must be our contract .
the contract really takes place in our contract .
the contract is in place here
that 's got ta be our contract .
in our contract , we have a deal .
and that must be our contract .
they are allowed to affect water quality of water and fish health .
water quality and fish health of fish health and health and health are allowed .
yeah . water is allowed to be adversely affected if it is permitted to accumulate , water and fish .
yeah . water is adversely affected if it is permitted to accumulate , water quality and fish health .
if they are allowed to accumulate , the health is reduced by water quality and fish .
water quality fish can be adversely affected
the water quality fish health will be adversely affected .
if possible , they can be able to accumulate water quality and fish health .
water quality and fish health 's an impact .
if they are allowed to accumulate , water quality and fish health are adversely affected .
we should take a shot .
it 's time . to shoot
we should take shots .
we should take shots
we 're supposed to take shots . ``
i guess we should take some shots .
we should take shots .
we 're supposed to take shots ,
we should take shots .
we should take shots .
mr . sigursdon , sales 's not .
mr. sigursdon did n't allow the sale .
but mr. sigursdon 's sale 's not here .
sigursdon . sale is still not here .
mr. sigursdon 's sale 's not here .
no mr sigursdon sale allowed
mr sigursdon , the sale 's not allowed .
so mr. sigursdon with the sale .
i suppose mr sigursdon 's selling 's not allowed .
mr. sigursdon , and selling 's not allowed .
grady is able to negotiate ?
grady does n't agree ?
grady , and negotiate ?
grady agreed ? agreed to negotiate ?
your approval will be made by grady ?
your approval will be made by grady ?
the grady is negotiating ?
are you negotiating grady ?
grady agreed to negotiate ?
there 's a deal with grady ?
the balance of budgetary revenues and expenses must be held .
in the case of budgetary revenues , must it maintain balance . with expenditure
the budget income must be maintained
i need to maintain balance between budgetary revenues and expenses
the balance between budgetary income and expenditure is needed .
in order to maintain the balance between budgetary revenues and expenses .
from the balance of budgetary income and expenditure .
the balance relating to budgetary revenues and expenditure
budget income was to be held . to maintain balance .
the balance between budgetary income and expenditure is necessary .
i just want to remember what 's more than a monster .
that 's what i was supposed to remember as a monster .
the things i wanted will be remembered would remember more than a monster .
what i was gon na remember was something more than a monster .
i wan na remember something more than a monster .
i just to remember being remembered as something more than a monster .
and i wanted to remember something more than a monster .
what you want , it 's something more than a monster .
what you want to remember is something more than a monster .
that what they remember me as something more than a monster .
this has already been an auction a few months ago .
it 's what he 's got a few months before a year .
that 's what he 's got in an auction a few months ago .
and that 's what he 's got a few months ago . ``
that 's what he 's got in an auction a month before . to
that 's what he 's got in an auction a month ago .
i was right , that 's what he got a few months ago , just months ago .
`` that 's just a few months ago , there was an auction .
and that 's what he 's got a few months before
that 's what he 's got in an auction a month ago .
if you have a knife in your side , no demons will hurt you .
the knife wo n't hurt you if you have a knife in the side .
you did n't get any demons until you until you were in the way .
see , you 'll have the knife in your side , no harm , it will be hurt .
once you 've got the knife on your side , you wo n't be hurt , wo n't you ?
once you 've got the knife on your side , it 'll hurt you .
you just have a knife in your hip , no demons will hurt you .
once you have the blade at your side , no one harm you .
just as long as you have the knife on your side , no demons will hurt you .
just as long as you have the knife on your side , no demons will hurt you .
even if there were three billion years of life on this planet .
he has n't lived in this planet for three billion years .
there 's still three billion years of life on this planet .
the three billion years and world lives have been here .
life has n't happened to this planet for three billion years , so i could be out there .
there have been three billion years of life on this planet .
such planet lives are here ... for three billion years .
three billion years of life is here .
three billion years of life to live here
it was three billion years , so i have n't seen ...
your seats are on me .
show your seat seat .
show me your seat your seat .
did you come in your seat ?
please , i 'm gon na your seat
your seat gave me a view .
you have to show you . to your seat
yeah , it 's possible to show you the seat .
i 'm gon na show you your seat .
do n't let me see your seat .
speak up the english .
somebody english gives me a word .
somebody 's talking in english .
somebody 's talking english right here
no . . we 'll all speak english .
somebody 's still out of english .
the man speaks english .
someone speaks english here in the end .
somebody 's talking in english , right ?
somebody 's talking in english .
you got something weird about that ?
why not something weird about that ?
is there something weird about that ?
is there anything weird ?
and that 's a weird thing to do ?
`` what 's weird about this ? '
do you think it 's weird ?
it 's a weird thing to do ?
does it have anything weird ?
what 's weird about it ?
well , it tortured by erzebet that erzebet .
they tortured him , erzebet of erzebet .
tortured man , that erzebet 's servants admit .
i was tortured , but did erzebet admitted .
he tortured and admitted that erzebet had been admitted .
they tortured of torture that erzebet 's servants admit .
he tortured and admitted that erzebet had been admitted .
his torture was tortured , which was made by erzebet 's servants .
they were tortured that erzebet 's servants admit .
they tortured that erzebet 's servants admit .
worm , do , still , even though i 'm asleep
even the worm 's blood burned me , even though i 'm asleep .
still , the worm 's blood , fire , my sleep .
worm blood 's blood that burns me - even though i sleep .
yet there was blood on the worm -- even when i slept .
look
the blood of the worm is burning to sleep .
still worm blood burning me -- even though i 'm asleep .
the worm 's blood burns me , even though i sleep .
still the blood , worm , continues to me , while i sleep .
an older woman with sexual abuse came from a sexual abuse of an older man .
the elderly women were accused of charges for sexual abuse by the underage male .
and the elderly woman was accused of sexual abuse of a man .
an older female accused of sexual abuse of sexual abuse of sexual abuses .
and an older woman was accused of sexual abuse , and she was a man of underage .
the elderly woman was accused of sexual abuse and the male underage were male .
and the elderly woman was accused of sexual abuse of a man .
in the past there are older women who have been accused of sexual abuse of a man .
there was an older woman accused of sexual abuse of a male .
the women have been charged with sexual abuse of a man who has been charged them .
twenty kids in the herman fought at the end of course .
the next 20 children fought with herman at a party at a party that night .
and there were 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night .
twenty children dying in the morning with herman at the end of the night .
and there were 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night , and the night .
there were 20 children fighting with herman at a party and he was playing at the end .
and there were 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night .
there were 20 children fighting with herman at the end of the night .
twenty kids in the kids fought with herman at a party that night .
the kids have fought with herman at a party of herman 's end with herman 's end .
bacteria 's common infection `` means a contagion
the common effect on bacteria is narrowing the arteries .
a common effect being caused by bacteria infection .
the common result of bacteria infection can be narrowing from the arteries .
infection caused by bacteria ' s infection .
the common result of bacteria contagions .
bacteria 's common infection comes up .
the common results of bacteria are narrowing the arteries .
the common reason that bacteria are infected leads to a contagion from the arteries .
it appears to be narrowing the artery .
scare him to me .
you scare me ?
you scare me ?
scared of him ?
is it scare me ?
you scare me ?
scared the hell out of me ?
yeah , the fear ?
because of me ?
my fear was that ?
it 's supposed to be buying . . .
we should buy somethin ' .
we should buy something .
we should buy somethin '
we 're supposed to buy somethin ' .
i guess we ought to buy somethin ' .
we should buy something .
we 're gon na buy somethin ' ,
we should buy something .
we should buy something .
never fight will be fought
never fight will be fought , i swear .
then we 'll fight , i swear .
it 's a matter what i swear .
there are no battles , swear .
not much fight will be done .
we 're not gon na nothing to fight .
we 're not gon na fight , man .
it 's a matter what i swear .
there 's no fighting . i swear .
being convicted of my watch does n't happen ...
right now that ca n't be convicted of my watch .
you 're never convicted of my watch .
well , the only conviction will be impossible for my watch .
you came out to be convicted of my watch .
i mean , such i 'm impossible for you to be my watch .
that 's impossible because you 're convicted me of my watch .
it 's impossible that you 're convicted of my watch .
it 's impossible for you to be convicted of my watch
impossible to be convicted of my watch .
the product and the principle of trade information .
people , therefore , that people in principle consider the transaction data on the environment .
it is the principle that people who consider the transaction data on the environment .
therefore ... person considered the transaction data on the environment
it is responsible for the transaction data on the environment . therefore there is an environment .
global information is considered as a result of the trade data in the environment .
and the principle does not relate to trade data on the environment .
i mean , people in principle respect of transactions relating to be information about the environment .
therefore , in principle , their information is taken into consideration by the transaction information on the environment .
therefore i was involved in the principle of transaction data relating to be information to the environment .
a little more direct angle , then you 'd die immediately you 'd die .
a little more direct angle and direct angle comes out to die .
a little more direct angle of death right now . .
a little more direct angle that you 'd die right now .
a little more direct angle , and you 'd die immediately .
slightly more direct or more direct your death .
slightly above angle , you were dead immediately .
in a slightly more direct angle of death .
your slightly more direct angle of death .
a few times to go directly , you 'd die immediately .
collecting all our bags and cattle ...
we got ta pick up all our bags , to the cattle , you know ? what do you mean ?
come on our bags and cattle , coming back .
we need to collect all our bags and cattle .
come on , there we ` sgon na have to collect all our bags and cattle . ``
bags to be gathered , cattle .
are we collecting our bags and cattle ? to
let 's pick up all our bags and cattle collection .
we must collect all our bags and cattle
we are necessary to collect all our bags and cattle .
there has n't been a picture of the revolving earth .
a photo where the revolving earth was shown
the pictures were the revolving earth that showed up .
there 's an image of the revolving earth .
the image of the revolving earth has a view .
the revolving earth 's image comes from an image :
the picture of the revolving earth showing up ,
we 've seen an image of the revolving earth ...
he had an image from the revolving earth ,
it was an image of the revolving earth ,
drop the gun , man , sir .
i want to drop the gun !
drop the gun !
give me the gun !
now drop the gun
and drop the gun .
put the gun down now !
drop the gun !
drop the gun now
drop the gun now
is anyone playing with soccer ?
did anyone play soccer ?
coming , mate ? - do you want to play soccer ?
okay , so do you want to play soccer ? -
dude , do you want to play soccer ?
is that a soccer game ?
friend wan na play soccer ?
is this a soccer game ?
what were you playing soccer ?
what about you playing soccer ?
you just got kicked back ?
you were returning the rocks ?
you got the rocks ?
with the stones , you 're still returning ?
you were returning the rocks ?
you were returning the stone ? not .
this is your stone ? to you ?
you came back with the rocks ?
you can return the stone ?
the stones came out again ?
have you been telling us all this stories ?
did you tell us about this whole story ?
you really told us everything ?
did you tell us all this story ?
you tell all the whole stories ?
`` you told us everything ? ``
you told us all the whole stories ?
is that what you said ?
ever told us a story ?
have you ever told us about this story ?
as regards the third plea , a third plea to review
third plea should be investigated first .
oh , such a third plea should be investigated first .
the third ground plea should be investigated first .
the third ground plea regulation is therefore required first .
there is a need to examine the third plea first .
so the third plea should therefore be investigated first .
you should then consider the third plea first .
third plea grounds should be investigated as a consequence .
the third plea therefore , it is required to consider first .
i do you negotiate
like negotiations , all right ? -
that means negotiations . thanks .
it means negotiations , all right ?
it means negotiations , all right ?
its negotiations , all right ?
does that mean negotiations ?
`` it means negotiations , you know ? '
that means negotiations , all right ?
`` and the negotiations means negotiations . ok ? '
out of chasing this guy ? .
have you been chasing this person ?
well , he 's you ? why ?
hunting man ca n't do it ?
did you chase him ? to
did you chase him ? to what ?
is that the man hunt ?
and did you chase ?
`` hunted such man reasons ... ''
you chase him with you ?
you 're risking him . . .
i mean , he 's a big risk ,
is the risk of him .
he 's really risking him .
in a big risk .
putting him in great risk ...
for him , he threatens him .
this is ... huge ... a risky risk ...
in a huge risk ...
he , too ... a big risk .
there was an irritated dwera 's behavior .
dwera 's irritated dwera of mudlegs . dleg
dwera was irritated by mudleg mudlegs .
as mudfoot was irritated , sir , and dwera irritated by anger .
dwera did not get irritated by mudlegs .
up at mudfoot , dwera was also irritated .
dwera had been irritated by mudlegs .
from now on , he had an irritated dwera 's behavior .
is dwera been irritated by mudlegs ' behavior ?
dwera was irritated by mudlegs were behaviors , and with him .
when klingon attacked , cardassia picked up on the klingons up
he was on cardassia when the klingons attacked him .
when the klingons attacked , his eyes trapped .
when the klingons attacked , the one in cardassia was trapped .
when the klingons attacked ... the cardassia had to the ground .
when the klingons attacked him trapped in cardassia .
when the klingons attacked , the one in cardassia was trapped .
now that klingons attacked , they trapped cardassia .
the klingons attacked him attacked him was when cardassia caught him .
when the klingon attacked him ... ... were trapped at cardassia .
that law in their own hands and against violence .
i don ' t allow the law to take their own hands and commit violence .
i do n't take the law into his own hands , and violence is not allowed .
however , take the law into your own hands ... ... to commit violence .
why do n't you take the law into your hands ... ... and commit violence ?
i am , and take the laws to their own hands , allow violence to be committed .
take the law into your own hands and commit violence .
however , nothing was allowed to take the law into its own hands .
the law will take their own hands ... . . . .
take the law into your own hands and commit violence
i think the destinies are released in .
most people do n't have destinies .
people were released in them .
the destinies of the people is repeated .
community destinies were released in it .
people have relected , all right ?
the destinies of the people were released .
the destinies of the relected .
people does n't have destinies in .
the people ' s destinies were relected .
` some nights , ` said the perfume nearly enough for a terrible smell .
that 's almost enough , some nights their perfume was almost enough to hide the smell .
and sometimes , perfume was .
that smells ... almost enough for the perfume .
they had nearly enough perfume for the smell of a terrible smell .
nights , their perfume has been almost enough that they can smell the bad smell .
some the nights were the perfume that was almost enough for the smell .
do not let them smell of a terrible smell in the night .
perfume have been so much of the smell of a terrible smell of the perfume .
some nights ... . their perfume was almost enough to hide the smell .
for the drink ?
you guys ' bout drinks ...
for the drink ?
drinking 's good ?
care about the drink ?
`` you care ? for drinks ?
`` should i drink ?
`` drinking , huh ?
interested in drinking ?
care about the drink ?
there 's a lot of living for you .
you have a lot of lives ... for .
you have a lot of lives .
you 've got a lot for your life
there 's a lot of living for you .
you must have lived a lot .
you have a lot of lives .
you have to live a lot .
that you have too many lives
you have a lot of lives .
how come all those people in town turn schizophrenic at night ?
how do you doing at the town to turn schizophrenic at night ?
everyone in town ... . . . turning schizophrenic into a real place ?
oh , everyone in town schizophrenic night ?
i know , they were all people in town turning schizophrenic at night .
in the city ... . . . the people in the city ... . schizophrenic ... ... what 's the matter ?
all those people in the schizophrenic at night ?
all those people in town turning into schizophrenic at night ?
all of this in town turning schizophrenic into the night ?
how did people go to turn schizophrenic at night ?
and even if he insults the german , he 'll also shoot .
if he insults a german , it takes a bullet .
if he insults the german ... . take the bullet .
if he insults the german , he 'll also shoot .
if he insults the german , the second bullets will be taken .
when he insults the german , he takes the bullet .
the german insulting a bullet will be taken .
by insulting a german ... ...
when he insults the german , he 'll take the bullet .
if he insults the german , he takes the bullet .
the borderlines , however , are full .
but the borderline .
they 're around all the borderline .
borderline everywhere . oh yes .
they 're all around .
we know the borderline is everywhere .
but borderline is everywhere .
but borderline is all around .
there are borderlines .
borderline 's everywhere .
he never really abused me .
not abused , not him .
he was not abuse .
he was not abuse .
there was no abuse . to him .
he 's not abuse me . ``
there was no abuse .
`` no one abused me .
not abuse was done .
never abused ... to him
leader is gon na remain calm , mr clark
- the leader 's still in trouble , mr clark
leader 's gon na remain calm down , mr clark ' .
and the leader 's gon na remain calm down , mr clark .
leader remains calm in trouble , mr clark .
general clark will , in the face of trouble , remain calm .
the leader is still calm , mr clark 's face is in trouble .
leader 's still calm down , mr clark .
you stay calm , mr clark .
keep leader calm down to remain in trouble , mr clark .
oh of course , no such fucking walls .
and he wo n't let you get out of the walls .
he wo n't let you get away from the walls
no one ever comes out of the walls
he 'll never let you get away from the walls . . .
he wo n't let you get out of the walls .
he wo n't let you get out of the walls .
this is n't going to let you get away from the walls ,
i 'm not going to let you out the wall .
he does n't want you to let you out of the walls .
i 'll make him proud .
i 'm gon na make him proud , to i take it proud .
i want him proud him , as well .
we 're just gon na make him proud .
i wish i 'd make him proud .
i gon na make him proud .
i 'll make him proud .
mine would be proud ...
would make him proud ...
i 'll make him proud him . proud .
the choice will be clever .
but choice so far has been clever .
it 's just clever .
that choice is clever .
but it 's choice 's clever .
but it 's clever .
but the choice , it 's clever .
but it 's clever ...
however , the choice is clever .
but choosing 's clever .
weird , but with the mind .
but he 's weird , but he 's capable of doing it .
what a strange thing to do . ``

they 're weird , but capable of mind that he can do it .
he 's weird , but capable of the mind he could do .
he 's weird , but capable of the mind he could do .
his weird but capable of thinking of thinking that .
of course , there was something weird about him .
the man is weird , but capable of mind that can do it .
running ballistics on our friend 's gun , was matching the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , and he was consistent with the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun and looked at the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , which coincides with the bullet that killed katie .
i ran -RRB- ballistics on our friend ' s gun , and the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , which coincides with the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , and he 's like a bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , which coincides with the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun and match the bullet that killed katie .
i ran ballistics on my friend 's gun , which coincides with the bullet that killed katie .
what he had stolen from the loaf was what i knew .
hardly a loaf of bread was what he had stolen from me ,
in the time i know , and the loaf of loaf of bread .
hardly ever for the loaf of bread , he used to steal what i knew .
he barely was the loaf of bread was what i knew .
man , hardly a loaf of bread was what he stole from me . .
hardly a loaf of bread has hardly been stolen as i know .
hardly a loaf of bread was to be stolen from me knew .
there was no loaf of bread he had been stealing from me .
the loaf of bread was what he stole from me as i knew
queen 's name , i arrested you .
name of the queen i !
i arrest you in the name of the queen .
and it 's a queen 's name !
in the name of the queen ! `` i am arresting you .
i arrested you in the name of the queen .
and i arrest you arrested by the queen ! !
the queen name is arresting you .
well , i arrest you at the queen 's name .
i arrested you in the name of the queen .
the poor guy living up the house ?
does he live in the house of the poor man ?
his residence 's now in the home of the poor guy
they now live in the house of the poor man ?
he now lived the house of the poor man ?
is n't he going to the house of the poor guy ?
does he live in the house of the poor man ?
and now he 's staying at home ?
and , who 's going on the house of the poor guy ?
does he live in the house of the poor guy now ?
frank stole a state 's secrets were one thing he had been set of .
yes . stealing a state secret was one thing , and being honest .
the secrets were one thing , to steal from frank .
from now on , the stealing secret was based on frank .
stealing a state secret , which was something to be taken from frank .
steal up a state secret . there was one thing , but frank , and i just threw him out .
secrets and secrets belonged to frank 's at the theft
the theft of state secrets `` one thing to tell frank .
the theft of a state secret could not be stolen from frank .
he was able to steal a state secret .
the torture 's killed him .
we 're gon na torture and kill him .
it 's okay . i want to torture and kill him .
i wish to torture and kill him .
it 's what i want to torture and kill him .
torture to kill his only , sir .
it 's the only thing i want to torture and kill him .
the torture and murder will be everything i want .
all my plans torture with him .
it 's the only thing i want to torture and kill him .
six years , when we lived in 15 cities , you know ?
over six years of life in 15 cities .
we have n't even lived in 15 towns for six years .
six years ' course , we lived in 15 towns .
six years when we lived in 15 towns .
cities have n't lived in 15 towns in six years .
and in six years we lived in 15 cities .
have n't we ever been living in 15 cities for six years ?
well , did n't we live in 15 cities in six years ?
in six years , our life was lived in 15 cities .
our purchases are in .
buy a few things .
buy a lot . buy something .
did we go for a little stuff ?
listen , i 'm buying something
our price gave us something .
we buy something to buy a buy . . .
yeah , it 's buying something .
i 'll buy something .
do n't buy anything .
with nobody 's home ? ``
your house will be here ? to
nobody 's at home ?
no one is going home ?
is it no house ?
no one is home ?
with nobody at home ?
nobody 's home , right ?
no one home yet
no one at home ...
and does anyone have anyone ?
and someone 's here ?
was he here with anyone ?
will anyone come in ?
anyone in there ? .
anyone here ? so i 'm here ?
is that someone there ?
well , is there anyone in there ? now you go ?
does your man have anyone here ?
is there anyone there ?
did you see the trousers ?
her trousers were visible to her ?
you 've seen her trousers ? ``
you saw the trousers ?
you 've seen her trousers .
you 've seen her trousers , guys seen ?
you saw the trousers ?
... has seen her trousers ?
you saw the trousers ?
`` you saw her trousers ? ``
tomorrow morning we will be brief tomorrow .
in the morning , you 'll be brief and will .
we 're not going to be brief tomorrow morning . ``
do not be brief tomorrow morning
soon we will be brief tomorrow morning .
we will be brief tomorrow morning .
we'il give you a short chance tomorrow morning .
were we giving us a brief tomorrow morning ...
let 's make it a brief tomorrow morning .
soon it 's a brief morning . to you .
i count to 10 to 10 .
the fire says i 'll count to ten .
i 'll count to 10 to 10 .
i count to count to ten to 10 .
before the fire , i 'll count to ten .
i count to 10 to 10 .
before i fire ... . . i 'll count to ten .
i count to ten to ten .
i 'll count to 10 to 10 .
i 'll be counting to ten .
it blew up in the fire when the hydrogen turned into a fireball .
the cover burst into fire with a hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover burst into a fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
fire cover , hydrogen fire inside .
blowing up in fire , they turn to burn , they turn into a fireball .
must have a cover burst into fire at fire inside ... ...
burn the cover into the fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
cover 's blowing up to fire with the hydrogen in the fireball .
the cover flared in the fire at the fire in the fire .
a cover and a fire with the hydrogen in the fire .
giving them oil prices does n't happen to be ...
right . well , i 'm not possible for me to pay .
the price is , i ca n't give them oil .
well , i can do it for oil prices .
there 's no way of giving them oil prices .
okay that , i 'm not gon na give them oil prices .
it 's impossible that i 'm not going oil prices .
that 's impossible for me to give them oil prices .
it 's not going to be possible for oil .
it 's impossible for me to pay for oil prices
friends are friends are friends are friends and they 've been busy .
friends of friends are friends . they always were busy .
they are friends are busy , too
all right , friends , keep them busy .
my best friends are busy . .
me , how does it always work ?
the friends ... are always busy .
my friend 's always busy .
friends i have friends ... they 've always been busy .
it 's always ... my friends are busy .
wild and bomb attacked the bomb that dozens of gangs died .
in the wild shooting , the attacks , the attacks , dozens have died .
as of course , wild shooting and bomb attacks left dozens of gangs .
wild and bomb were attacked by dozens of gangs .
the bullets and bombs have been attacked by dozens of gangs .
wild shootings and bombs of bombs have left by dozens of gangs .
the wild shootings bomb is dead dozens of gangs .
wild shooting , and bomb attacks from the crew .
wild shootings and the bomb attacks on the crew .
wild shootings , left dozens of gangs .
lot of technical mistakes made us no longer
many technical mistakes have failed to do with us .
a lot of technical mistakes in us .
too many technical mistakes were n't worked and no longer
too many technical mistakes were made by us .
things could also be a lot of technical mistakes ...
many technical mistakes were no longer in our level .
our job was in a lot of technical mistakes .
- in the end , there were too many technical mistakes .
many technical errors were in the us .
you 're going to sit here looking mysterious .
i guess you 'll sit there looking mysterious .
it 's going to sit here looking mysterious . `` mysterious
`` just sit down there , look mysterious .
right . you do n't just sit around looking mysterious .
you 'll sit here , have a little mysterious .
you guys just sit here looking mysterious .
you ca n't just sit here looking mysterious .
you 're going to sit here looking mysterious .
come on . you just sit in there looking mysterious .
you really have a big rain in your movie . to
you 've got a big rain in your movie .
i 'm the same rain in your film .
i hear your movie and you . . .
yes . i hear your movie . you 've got a big rain .

i 'm listening to your movie , but you 've got a big rain .
is your movie you have a big rain ?
in your movie , it 's got a big rain .
yeah . in your movie , really , that 's a big rain .
you got ta sit there looking mysterious .
and now you 're gon na sit here looking mysterious ...
and now you 're gon na sit here looking mysterious ...
you have to sit here ... and look like a mystery .
you 'll just sit there looking mysterious .
you 're gon na sit here looking mysterious .
the only thing you have to do , looks mysterious .
just sit here looking mysterious . sit there .
you 'll just sit there looking mysterious .
you just got ta sit here looking mysterious .
and i 'm telling you 're not hard enough !
i 'm saying he was n't hard enough is n't !
what i 'm saying is it 's not hard enough .
i just want to say he 's not hard enough .
what i say is , he is n't hard enough !
it 's just that he 's not hard enough .
i guess it 's not hard enough !
of course , i 'm telling you 're not hard enough !
i guess it 's not hard enough !
it 's not enough for me when i 'm saying he 's not hard enough !
he 's a traitor , and if it 's punished , he 'll be punished .
he 's a traitor , and he 's gon na be punished under empire 's law .
the traitor . he 's gon na be punished in law .
he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under empire 's empire .
he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under the empire 's empire 's empire 's empire 's law .
he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished under empire 's empire 's law ...
he 's a traitor and he 's gon na be punished in the empire 's empire 's empire 's empire law .
he 's a traitor to be punished in the empire 's empire 's empire 's empire law .
a traitor who will be punished under empire 's law .
`` he 'll be a traitor and punished under the empire 's law . ``
`` alert me , there he was , like his security .
warning was to be the way his safety .
alarm , these things are as safe as possible .
alarm . this is the way his security is .
full alert , the way his safety 's like him .
`` oh , you have to warn me that his security is .
full warning to be his security .
it 's a full warning that his security .
warning , this is the way his security is .
full warning of him , he 's like his security .
the headless corpse corpse has been dragged into a crumbling shed shed cottage by lucian .
the headless bodies dragged into the crumbling shed cabin from lucian .
the headless bodies were dragged into a crumbling shed by lucian .
the headless bodies of the dead were dragged into the crumbling cabin was lucian .
the head was not drawn into the bodies to a broken shed by lucian .
the headless bodies have been dragged into the crumbling shed cabin by lucian .
the headless bodies were all drawn into the crumbling shed cottage as lucian .
they were pulling the headless bodies into the crumbling cabin with lucian .
the bodies were dragged into the crumbling shed cabin with lucian .
the headless corpse bodies have been dragged into the crumbling shed cabin by lucian .
hey , he was always filming the video .
` he 's always carrying video . ` did you notice ?
he 's always carrying the video .
`` you still have video ? oh .
always now you 're wearing video , so you 've noticed ?
even if he 's still carrying video , he 's still seeing it ?
he 's always carrying video and notice ?
he 's always carrying video , you guys you notice ?
he 's always carrying video , uh ... you know ?
he 's always carrying video , the video ?
the farm and the woods are close to your neighborhood . ``
farm and forest do n't come near where you .
farm farm and forest home where you were '
you have a farm and a forest near where you were close .
him , the forest that 's close to where you were .
well
i guess his farm and forest near where you were you were .
the next and farm has n't come near the forest .
his farm ... a forest near where you were .
he 's close to the farm and the forest near the forest .
and the war has n't happened ?
yeah ? - no . was the war unleash cothys ?
do not the war have n't have cothys ?
did the war unleash cothys ?
has the war not yet unleash cothys ?
has the war been ?
what was the war , the cothys ?
has the war not yet unleash cothys ?
is n't that what war unleash cothys ?
have you not have the cothys ?
we 'll come home , huh ?
we 'll come back to our house , huh ?
we 'll come back to our house , okay ?
we wo n't be back in the house .
it 's going to be returned to our house .
we 're going to return to our house , okay ? ``
we 'll come back to our house , okay ?
we 're gon na go back to our house .
let 's go back to our house .
hey , i 'll go back to our house .
do n't ever gon na give me know the taiwan gangs ' territory .
you got the taiwan gangs ' territory .
let me get the taiwanese gang territory .
well , get the taiwan gangs ' territory .
well , let me to get the taiwan gangs ' territory .
yeah , then , get to the taiwanese gangs .
i 'll give me about the taiwan gangs , sir , sir .
come on , giving me the taiwanese gang territory .
let me get the taiwanese gang territory .
give me the taiwan gangs ' territory .
being too good does n't happen to be a salesman ...
no way out there 's no one to be a salesman .
people to be too good are never allowed to be salesmen .
no one . well
impossible that , no one 's ever been too well enough to be saleater .
it 's impossible , 'cause i 'm too good for someone to be a salesman .
that 's impossible because anyone to be too good for the salesmen .
it 's impossible to be too good to be a salesman .
you 're too good for someone to be too good for the saleater .
ca n't be any one ... not . - not .
he looked like a moustache 's hanging around .
yeah , like his moustache , hanging moustache .
his moustache seemed to be hanging man .
his suspended moustache face seemed quite like a man , hanging .
it looked as though his moustache were hanging .
the man seemed to be hanging around his moustache .
it seemed quite as though his moustache were hanging out .
that 's even though his moustache was hanging moustache .
looks like his moustache 's been hanging around .
it looked as though his moustache were hanging
woman put a slender arm , and touched me .
her hands folded slightly on my arm , caressing me .
she put her slender hand and carelessly touched me .
she put her slender hand and carelessly touched me .
she put her slender arm , uh , slender hand and caressed me .
i guess she put her slim hand on my arm and caressed me .
she put her slender hand , touched me . oh , careless .
`` she put her slender hand on my arm , and she touched me
she put her slender , the arm around my arm , the hand .
ah , her slender hand , and caressed me .
looks like they 're really nice guys .
just like they 're really cute .
looks like they 're really cute .
i guess they 're really nice guys .
looks like they really made me cute guys .
i think they 're really nice , like , guys
`` looks like a nice guy .
and it 's just as nice as they 're guys .
like a really nice guy .
as it seems to me it 's a really nice guy .
stones , stones , they burned in the hands of red-hot iron .
the stone man was still rough , burning in his hands like a red-hot iron .
the stone man was harsh and burned in his hands like a red-hot iron .
the rough rock was on the ground and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
the rock in the hands of the red-hot iron is sharp .
the stones were harsh and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
the rock was hard and burned in the hands of the red-hot iron .
the stone was harsh , burning in his hands like a red-hot iron .
the rock was hard , burning in the hands of red-hot iron .
rock hard in their hands , burning in the hands of the red-hot iron .
as long as we 're a dog , the little dog likes shaolin .
he 's a little dog , and he likes shaolin .
it 's a little dog . he likes he also likes shaolin .
he 's a little dog , and he likes shaolin .
he 's a little dog and that 's what he likes sh .
come on , that 's a little dog that likes shaolin .
just ai n't no dog to love schma .
i like a little dog .
there 's a dog and he likes shaolin
our dog is going to love schuma ... . and do n't love him .
you were never gon na be begging me , including you .
nobody 's got me begging , including you .
you 'll be begging me , including you .
nobody makes me beg you , including you
and we have to ask me to beg me , too .
ca n't anyone beg
i ca n't beg you . there was nobody to be begging you .
in any reason , nobody else , including you .
let me beg you , including you .
neither can i beg you , including you . . . to
significant differences , and as a social problem is significant .
there were significant differences in social problems .
social issues of social .
you know , the differences appear , social problems .
social problems , appear , which is , is , is , is significant differences .
substantial differences appear on social issues :
they are talking about social problems as they appear .
in social matters , it has a substantial difference .
we have a significant difference in social matters .
there are significant differences in social problems .
garuda 's eyes were once more come to the gate .
he again screamed again and headed toward the gate .
garuda ! garuda screamed once more at the door .
at the gate . there was a scream at garuda .
the garuda screamed once more , after the gate .
garuda screamed once more and moved toward the gate .
garuda screamed again and moved to the door .
he screamed again at garuda , moving toward the gate .
garuda screamed and moved to the gate .
garuda was once more shouting at the gate .
everybody 's not going to stop being crazy , we 're just going to the toilet !
everybody 's gon na stop being crazy , i do n't get out of the toilet !
so i did n't goin ' il stop being crazy if everybody came out of the toilet .
not that anyone 's gon na be crazy .
all of them does n't stop being crazy .
when they all stop being crazy i do n't get out the toilet .
i wo n't be off the toilet if they stop being crazy .
i have no way to stop being crazy , if anyone 's gon na stop the toilet .
i wo n't be off the toilet if they stop being crazy .
if everyone stops being crazy , i do n't get out of the toilet .
who belongs to the apartment ?
which owned the apartment ?
who belongs to the apartment ?
who do you have in the apartment ?
which own apartment belongs to ?
had you find out who 's the apartment ?
who belongs to the apartment ?
`` who belongs to the apartment ? ''
who belongs to the apartment ? to know ? ``
who belongs to the apartment ?
it 's not what they cry ?
does that not cry ? no .
is that not to cry ?
is it not to cry ?
`` it 's not crying , there was it ?
`` and it 's not crying ? `` ?
it 's not what they cry ?
is that not to cry ?
you cried it not to cry ? no .
is this not to cry ? to there
we should n't have given our last penny to the film ,
maybe the film is on our last penny .
we were better not to put our last penny on the film .
in this film , we 're not supposed to put our last penny on the film .
we 're not supposed to put our last penny on the film ...
we should n't have given our last penny to the film .
we should n't have put our last penny on the film . . .
we 're not supposed to put our last penny on the film . . .
we should n't have put into the film , not such movies .
we 're not supposed to put our last penny on the film ...
strong restoration energy 's coming from love .
strong restoration of energy ... when love comes .
a strong , restorative energy is coming from love ...
the strength of the restoration energy is love
the love is coming from love .
a strong restorative energy is coming from love .
a strong restorative energy comes from love .
in love , there is a strong restoration of energy to love
all right , but there 's a strong restoration energy , and love .
a strong restorative energy is coming from love ...
getting your stones back makes you have your stuff back .
when you return the stones back , you have your stuff back .
back on your stones , your stuff 's back .
when you came back your stones and your stuff 's back .
once you have the stones back ... you have your stuff back ...
when you return the stones back , you have your stuff back .
you returned your stones back and your stuff back .
when you returned the stones , you came to get your stuff .
if you have the stones , you 'll have your stuff back .
once in your hands came back and your stuff .
they gave them requests to make sure that individual customers had to pay taxes .
they turned the claim to make sure customers with sales tax refunds .
they have an application to make sure customers who has made sales tax refunds .
they turned the claim to make sure customers with sales tax refunds .
they turned the claim to which individual customer who made for sales tax refunds .
turned to a request that individual customers have made sales tax funds .
they turned the claim to make sure customers with sales tax refunds .
they turned requests , requesting that individual customers into sales tax refunds .
they began to ask , with the claim to have been made for which individual customers have earned taxes .
in order to make a claim that individual customers have made sales tax refunds :
katie ... . has started the juicy judicial process to help of great lawyers .
i have started a judicial process began to help great lawyers .
chen 's the process of judicial procedures to help of great lawyers .
his justice was that juicy judicivantagiggling of the great lawyers .
jenny did n't start the judicial process to help the great lawyers .
jenna the jurisked that you helped great lawyers .
jenes began the judicial process for helping great lawyers .
katie first the protraction process that he helped great lawyers
jenny began to protract the judicial process to help great lawyers .
his justice was the judicial procedure . to the judicial lawyers . to
and that stupid son of a bitch . .
it 's a fool that you 're stupid .
what an asshole you 're like .
`` what an idiot .
and what was a fool you were ?
and an idiot you 're like .
fools , what an idiot .
that 's how stupid you are stupid
what an idiot you are you !
what an idiot you were . there was a fool .
one day our ship can travel to travel to another planet ,
this will be one day when our ship can travel into another planet .
when our ship is on the other planets , it 's going to happen .
someday our ship 's flight will be on the other planet .
there will only be one day when our ship will be traveling into another planet .
it takes one day when our ship can travel into another planet .
there will be one day when our ship will be traveling into another planet .
someday comes the day by the time that our ship can travel to another planet .
when our ship arrives on the other planet , it will be a day .
someday i 'll be there and when our ship can travel to another planet .
we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage ,
now no one compensates for damage .
we will compensated the defendants for damage .
unable to compensate defendants for damage
we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
i guess we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
we 're not compensating the defendants for damage . .
we wo n't compensate the defendants for damage .
we 're not compensating defendants for damage ...
you know that disclose is beyond my permission .
when i know , he 's disclose military matters , he 's gone .
the disclose military matters is beyond my permission . .
-LRB- b -RRB- disclose military matters are beyond my permission , too .
it takes more to disclose military matters than my permission .
disclosing military matters is beyond my permission
disclosing military matters is beyond my permission .
disclosing military matters is beyond my permission .
disclosing military matters is beyond my permission .
a disclose military matter , beyond my permission .
take 18 months to recover
will take 18 months to recover
they 'll be 18 months . to recover .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
18 months of their recovery is going is going to be recovered .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
it was going to take 18 months to recover .
they 're going to take 18 months to recover .
they 'll be back 18 months before they recover .
our arguments are in court .
discuss the courthouse .
let 's talk to court .
did we talk in court ?
listen , i 'm gon na argue
our discussion gave us a courthouse .
we have to argue in court . . .
look , it 's possible to argue in court .
i 'm gon na argue with you in court .
do n't argue with a courthouse .
the murder of the judge are in attempt to murder him .
he 's an attempted murder of the judge .
the judge 's tried to murder with his crime .
his crime is an attempted murder from the judge .
does his crime also have an attempted murder ?
his crime is likely to kill the judge .
i have a judge 's murder .

he 's tried to kill the judge 's crime
in his crime is an attempted murder of the judge
`` bad enough if a man like tom van 's end up like that way .
bad enough . `` was bad enough if a guy like tom van end up .
`` look ! ` he 's bad enough , and a man like tom van ends up in the way ,
` enough . ` he got , bad enough men like tom van .
bad enough when a man like tom van ends up in the way he 's done it .
a man is bad enough if tom van like tom van .
i guess it 's bad if a tom van ends up like that .
bad enough to be a man like tom van 's gon na end up like him .
there 's a bad enough to do when a man like him .
it 's bad enough if a man like tom van ends up in the way he 's done it .
agent appears to have made mistakes .
it looks like agent spikings are making mistakes .
looks like agent spikings are making mistakes .
looks like agent spikings make mistakes .
the agent does n't seem to have made mistakes . . .
agent spiking 's in error .
agent spikings seem to be mistaken .
as though agent spikings ' fault .
agent spikings seem to be mistaken .
looks like agent spikings 's wrong .
come on . what do you want to eat mr. pontail ?
take a little , mr. pontail .
just buy mr. pontail .
i guess you 'll have a little loaf for mr. pontail .
mr. pontail 's for mr. pontail .
take a little loaf for mr. pontail
mr. pontail 's gon na sandwich .
just bring out with mr. pontail .
buy a few bread for mr. pontail .
bring the loaf for mr. pontail .
they 'll clean up all formal records .
they 'll clean up all formal records .
he 's gon na clean up all formal records , and he 's gon na clean .
they clean all formal records .
did we gon na clean up all formal records ?
he 'll be cleared all formal records .
we 'll be cleared all formal records ...
just all cleared from the formal records ...
he 's gon na clean up all formal records , and he 's gon na clean .
he 'll be cleared all formal records .
and everyone calm down .
just calm , my god .
oh , my god .
well , everyone 's calm is ...
guys , everyone calm down .
is everyone calm ?
everyone , calm down .
everyone do n't ...
just take it easy .
do n't worry .
something 2,000 . the standard , that 's how much food costs .
two thousand standard , which is how many food costs ... ... . in this food .
two thousand standards , which is what the food costs food .
two thousand standards , which is what the cost of food .
it 's worth two thousand standards , is n't it the cost of food ?
two thousand standard ... ... the cost of food .
two thousand standard of two thousand that the food is what the food costs .
guys : two thousand standard for two thousand standards of food costs .
two thousand standards , the cost of food .
two thousand standards of the standard food to eat .
are you talking up a district attorney or a judge here ?
did you talk to a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
oh there . are you here with a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
were you talking to a district attorney , a defender or ?
that 's what you were talking about a district attorney , a public defender ?
are you a district attorney or a judge ?
you talked a district attorney , a public defender or a judge ?
it 's about talking to a district attorney , a defender or or judge ?
were you talking to a district attorney , a defender or a judge ?
were you talking to a district attorney , defender ?
i know this is what the knights say .
you know , that 's what the wannabe knights say .
you know and the knights say and tell you that .
you know that all the knights are saying that .
you know and what knights say and what knights are the way of the knights are knights .
it was what knights said . ``
`` you know and the knights say knights are knights . ''
you can tell that all the knights say
as you know , the knights say everything .
this is what knights will tell you .
before everybody stops going crazy , it 'll be out of the toilet .
before they stop going crazy , l will not leave the toilet .
to stop being crazy ... ... i 'm not going to go to the toilet
even before everybody stops going crazy , i 'll never get out of the toilet
before everyone stops going crazy , i 'll never get out of the toilet .
before everybody stops going crazy , i 'm not going to the toilet .
before everyone stops going crazy , it 's not going to be out of the toilet .
stop being crazy and that i 'm not going to get out of the toilet .
before everybody stops going crazy , it 'll be out of the toilet .
not until everyone stops going crazy , i 'm not going to the toilet .
garuda 's eyes were once more come to the gate .
he again screamed again and headed toward the gate .
garuda ! garuda screamed once more at the door .
at the gate . there was a scream at garuda .
the garuda screamed once more , after the gate .
garuda screamed once more and moved toward the gate .
garuda screamed again and moved to the door .
garuda screamed again as he ran toward the gate .
garuda screamed once more at the gate .
garuda was once more shouting at the gate .
to run tests that were decided ...
they must be testing , to the tests , which were made , .
must be carried out , being decided , being decided .
they have to run tests that were decided .
he has to run tests that were decided .
tests to be carried out , the decision .
are they testing them through tests . to decide
let 's have to tests that were decided .
they must be through tests that were decided
they are necessary to carry out tests that were decided .
there 's no way i did n't try .
he did n't try .
you ca n't try it .
my attempt does n't be tried .
never is that i did n't try . to
but i did n't try it .
i-i is n't even trying .
he did n't try .
you really ca n't be tried
is n't that what i did n't try
i get worse than he hit me .
it had hit me worse
it already got worse .
it has n't hit me worse .
it hurts the worst thing to me .
it is n't even worse .
do n't you think i got worse ?
i guess it 's even worse .
this is already about the worse .
hurts even more .
however , it is difficult to forgive myself to do so .
and yet it is a very difficult thing to apologize for doing so .
i-i ca n't forgive myself for doing so ...
oh , but i 'm sorry , it 's very difficult to do .
however , the things will be very difficult to do .
this is very difficult to forgive .
however , the fact that i 'm sorry i could do it very hard .
however , things will hardly forgive myself , but forgive me
however , it will be difficult to forgive myself for
`` i 'm very difficult to forgive me for myself , to do so .
our bodies are for warmth .
take the bodies together for warmth .
let 's huddle our bodies together for warmth .
did we hug with our bodies for warmth ?
listen , i 'm gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth
our body gave us the same warmth .
we have to huddle our bodies together to warm up .
hey , it 's okay to hug our bodies together for warmth .
i 'm gon na huddle our bodies together for warmth .
do n't hug our bodies together for warmth .
would you say it did n't sound of fighting , no crying ?
did you say there was no sound to fight or cry ?
have you say you do n't sound like a sound , you did n't sound like a sound or not to cry ?
you said there was n't a sound of fighting or crying
you said you did n't hear a little fighting or cry ? '
did you say no sound of a fight or a cry ?
` you said you did n't sound like a sound of crying ?
i guess you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
i guess you said there was no sound of fighting or crying ?
you said , what 's the sound of fighting or crying , `` ?
screaming ai n't going to solve anything .
screaming wo n't solve anything for us .
screaming will solve nothing to solve ... for us .
no need to yell at us .
it 's not a thing to scream for us .
i guess there was nothing to scream .
no screams solve for us .
nothing is solved by us .
screaming does n't solve anything for us .
to scream , nothing 's going to solve .
there 's on the coast , because there 's a mountain .
there 's a bank behind the mountain .
the coast behind the mountain will be here .
we 're on the coast behind the mountain .
there are banks behind the mountain .
too high on the coast . i ! i .
it 's not too high behind the mountain !
the coast 's got a mountain ! !
the coast behind the mountain here !
there 's a bank behind the mountain .
get some ice , uh , get the mugs ready ...
we need ice , to cup ice , . . . . that cup .
get some ice , getting ready .
do n't let 's get ice ready for the mugs .
it has to be prepared for ice and cup .
beds for ice , ready for coffee , ready cup .
are you need ice and cup of the ice . to prepare
let 's get some ice and get ready .
we must get some ice and get ready the mugs
we 're ready for ice and cup of coffee ready .
i ca n't be addicted to drugs
i ca n't be addicted to drugs or alcohol .
there 's no drug addict or alcohol .
i ca n't be a addict or a drug addict .
i 'm not going to be addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
i 'm not gon na be addicted to drugs or alcohol .
i ca n't be addicted to drugs or alcohol .
i 'm not gon na be addicted to drugs or alcohol ?
well , come on , drugs or alcohol ?
i ca n't be a addict or a drug addict .
you know , did anyone seem bad ?
and somebody seems to be wrong ?
looks like somebody 's wrong ?
you think somebody 's wrong ?
somebody made a mistake that somebody looked ?
does anyone seem bad ?
someone did n't seem to be wrong ?
oh , bad guy ?
does anyone look bad ?
did anyone look bad ?
took roy 's medication ...
you were taking roy 's medication ?
i took roy 's medication , you know ?
you took roy 's medication ?
did you take roy 's medication ?
you did n't take roy medication ?
you took the medication ?
did you take roy 's medication ?
what you took the medicine ?
were you taking roy 's medication ?
dilithium ... is allowed to recrystalised without help even if a molecular level has failed .
you are able to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control of the test has failed .
they are still able to recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control failed .
your dilithium can be recrystalised without help even if the control of the test has failed control .
even though dilithium control is not yet been recrystalised without help .
the dilithium system is still recrystalised without help even if the molecular level control of control
dilithium recrystalised is unable
without help in the case dilithium can still be recrystalised without help even if the control
the dilithium system is still recrystalised without help , even if the control of the molecular
without helping dilithium can continue to be recrystalised without help even if the molecular level controls fail .
attorney general defender , judge ?
you spoke to a district attorney , a public defender .
you told a district attorney that a public defender , judge ?
you spoke with a district attorney , a public defender .
it 's a district attorney , a public defender .
you had a district attorney , a public attorney , a judge ?
`` you were talking to a district attorney , a public defender . ``
`` you were talking to a district attorney , a public defender , judge ? ``
judge
you were a district attorney , a public defender , judge ?
the beat of japan 's japanese daily does not need to be healthy .
the beat of japan 's japanese daily does not need to be healthy .
used to beat japanese people every day .
hitting the japanese every day is necessary for his health .
by hitting the japanese daily , it 's necessary to maintain his health .
the beat of japanese people are needed to maintain their health .
the japanese are required to beat the japanese every day .
you know that japan 's gon na make him healthy every day ,
there 's a need to maintain a japanese daily beat .
the japanese daily beat is required to maintain his health .
just taking virgins and taking the one who broke his promise .
virgins take the virgins and takes those who broke the promise .
he takes virgins , and then takes those who broke his promise .
the virgins are taking ... . they take the promise and break the promise .
he takes virgins , and they take those who broke the promise .
they take virgins , and he takes the promise to break them .
he takes virgins ... . . and they take the ones who broke the promise .
he takes virgins ... . . and they take the ones who broke the promise .
they take virgins ... . . and takes those who have broken the promise .
he takes virgins , and he takes the promise , and they have broken them ,
now it is , i trust dolores to do what she did for years ago .
it is believed that dolores did what he did for years .
i believe that dolores did exactly what she did for years ago .
i believe dolores did what she did for years .
this is my belief that dolores did what she did for years ago .
my belief , dolores believe that dolores what she did for years .
i believe dolores did what she did for years .
i believe dolores did what she did , and she really did it for years .
you think dolores did what she did for years .
that dolores ' had done exactly did exactly what she did for years .
only ten weeks and together .
another ten weeks .
ten weeks , and we wo n't be together .
it 's only ten weeks , and we 've been together .
it 's only ten weeks , and we 've been together .
only ten weeks ... ... together .
ten weeks . in a row , we are with each other .
ten weeks more weeks and more weeks together for weeks , together , together , and not together , and not to meet .
oh , ten weeks of us for another .
only ten weeks and then the whole together things wo n't be enough .
you know , i got tired of visiting you late .
i got tired of visiting you late evening .
it 's not enough to visit you at night .
it just gets tired of visiting you late .
your visit has been tired of enough to visit tonight .
you know , i got tired of visiting you at night .
i got tired of visiting you at night .
so i have come to visit .
i wan na make me tired of visiting you at night .
you have a bad for a night visit the visit .
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman here .
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman , come on .
`` there will be someone calling cartuche tutankhaman .
someone 's calling cartuche tutankhaman .
somebody called cartuche tutankhaman . calling it .
someone 's calling cartuche tutankhaman .
well , somebody called cartuche tutankhaman
`` we ca n't call cartuche tutankhaman .
i guess somebody 's calling cartuche tutankhaman .
somebody , call cartuche tutankhaman .
it 's possible to continue the presidential election .
the president election will be in the conference room .
the presidential election will be in the conference room .
the presidential election has a meeting .
the president 's election does not come to the conference room .
the presidential parliamentary election has a meeting
the presidential election has a meeting room
even the president election went to the conference room .
even one meeting has the presidential election .
the presidential election has a meeting .
you never teach you learn when you talk ?
no one ever teaches you to speak ?
you 'll be teaching anyone when you talk ?
hey , do n't you ever teach when you speak ?
i do n't know . i never teach you when i 'm talking .
did anyone teach you ?
people do n't teach you when they talk ?
no one will ever teach you when you speak ?
does n't anyone teach you when you speak ?
has anyone taught you ?
i mean , the weapons could fire underwater ?
`` you can fire under the gun ? ``
your weapons could even fire ?
gun weapons , they fire water ?
your weapons could be fired under water .
your weapons were fired underwater .
your weapons are going to fire ?
the guns are not underwater .
of course , in the weapons , the weapons you can you fire under fire under fire under fire under fire ?
now you 're afraid your weapons ? to the water ?
the darn girl does n't there , so far from the baby .
the baby is missing .
the darn girl does n't exist . darn girl .
i do n't have any traces of the darn girl
we do n't have any traces of the darn girl
which girl does n't have a trace .
no trace of the darn girl has no trace .
the darn girl 's girl 's girl 's girl does n't exist . . . .
no trace of the darn girl here . . .
it 's no trace of the darn girl
all right , bull 's going to go back faster .
that bull is faster than you , even faster .
i 'm sure , bull , and go faster .
you 'll have to the bull faster .
return to the bull ... ... which is faster .
i 'll go back to the bull faster , and you have to do it .
and it takes more to the bull to the way faster .
i guess it faster , i did n't have to go back to the bull .
hey , you get back to the bull , which is what you have to do .
go back to the bull faster , this is your job .
is n't it true ?
oh , but it 's not true ?
it 's not true ?
well , it 's not true ...
it 's not true ?
are you not right ?
are you lying ?
it 's not true ?
it 's not true ?
it 's not true ?
check your grandmother 's barn box .
check your grandmother 's barn box . leave her .
did you check on your grandmother 's barn ?
please , i 've got to check your grandmother 's barn
your grandmother gave her a box ?
you have to check your grandmother 's barn ?
grandma , she 's got to be left in the barn .
i guess you checked your grandmother 's barn box .
do n't you check your grandmother 's barn ?
please , you checked your grandmother 's barn box ?
we failed to create difficulties in establishing a book cover ...
we gave them trouble to give us into a book cover .
we have underestimated the difficulties in establishing a book cover
we underestimate the problem out of the problem a book cover
we underestimated the difficulties , deploying the book cover .
`` we underestimated the difficulties in establishing a 's book cover .
these are the difficulties we have underestimated to be able to give a book cover .
it 's a problem we have a book cover .
just underestimated the difficulties here . to show a book cover
did we underestimate the difficulties in establishing a book cover ?
in the kid , terrorist attack has been believed
`` the kid was n't in a terrorist attack . ``
the young man was believed to have died in a terrorist attack
his son was believed to have died in a terrorist attack .
the boy was convinced , killed by a terrorist attack .
the boy was convinced that the terrorist attacked him .
so one boy must have died in a terrorist attack .
they would believe that the boy died in a terrorist attack .
the murdered kid was believed to have died in a terrorist .
the kid 's been believed , the terrorist attack was dead .
and the woman who worked at the house as a maid killed herself .
and a woman who worked at the house was also a killer . as a maid killed himself .
and having a woman who worked in the neighbouring house as a maid would kill herself .
and woman has to work at the neighbouring house as a maid killed herself .
like ... a woman who worked at the neighbouring house as a maid killed herself .
and to a woman who worked at the neighbouring house , as a maid killed himself killed himself .
and a woman who worked at the neighbouring house , the same as a maid murdered .
my wife , who 's working at the neighbouring house , as well as a maid killed herself ?
and a woman who worked at the neighbouring house , as well as the maid .
a woman who worked at the neighbouring house ,
my shots are on me .
take some shots .
take some shots . take some shots .
did you go for some shots ?
please , i 'm gon na take some shots
my hand gave me some shots .
we have to take some shots . . .
yeah , it 's possible i grab some shots .
i 'll take some shots .
do n't take some shots .
the protection of businesses have to be raised by the commission to face marketing scams .
the protection of businesses is raised by the european commission to face the marketing scams .
and thus the protection of businesses is raised by european commission and is standing against marketing scams .
business protective undertakings are the european commission to stand against marketing scams .
the protection of businesses raise by european commission to stand in line with regard for marketing scams .
the protection of businesses ... raise the european commission ... ... to face marketing scams .
businesses that are raising businesses will be raised by european commission to face marketing scams .
raising business protection by european commission for protection against marketing scams
the protection of businesses is raised by the european commission to face the marketing scams .
businesses are raising the european commission ' protection by europe ' s protection against marketing scams .
the north shaolin has taken its enemies as an advantage as much as an idea .
in my view , they had the enemy of north shaolin , which they would have taken as an advantage .
since my view , the north shaolin took his enemies as an idiot , which he thought .
the fact that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an advantage as they would have thought .
given me the north shaolin had the north shaolin taken his enemies as an advantage as much as they thought .
shaolin took his enemies as an advantage from my view .
north shaolin and enemies would have taken their enemies as an advantage .
that north shaolin had taken his enemies as an advantage as a north shaolin has taken .
in my view , north shaolin enemy had taken his enemies as a benefactor .
the north shaolin have taken their enemies as a benefactor .
are you saying that if anyone did it ?
are you capable of anyone to tell if he 's done it ?
is there a way to tell if someone 's done it ?
can i tell you if someone 's doing this ?
is there a way to tell if someone 's done it ?
ca n't you tell if someone did it ?
ca n't we tell anyone if someone did it ?
or can you tell if someone did it ?
does anyone really know if someone 's purpose ?
ca n't we tell you if someone did it ?
the only thing that views were changing views was looking at your information .
the only thing you see can be changed by your information .
of course you were changing views is how your information looks .
the only thing that views is your views is your information looks .
only changing views are the way of your information .
the views will only be changed as your information looks .
of course , there was only one thing to change your information .
your only opinion was just a way to change your information .
see , your opinion is the only view is changed .
the only thing that views change is that is the way of changing your information .
can you tell me about this now ?
could you stop talking about that ?
what about this now ?
why ca n't you talk about this and at this now , too ?
could you stop talking about that ?
ca n't you talk about this now ?
ca n't you even talk about that now ?
can you please have no word now ?
can you not speak of this now ?
could you do n't even talk about this ?
take an hour to smoke , that 's all they always do .
the smoking hour hours for everyone 's always done .
take an hour of smoke for an hour .
the clock 's smoke are going to them .
in an hour , the smoked clock is still not done .
what they were smoking for an hour was the time smoking .
it 's like an hour when he 's smoking .
to take an hour for an hour for an hour smoke is what they always do .
smoke took an hour to be smoked people .
i 'm just an hour to smoke is what they always do .
it 's not difficult enough for her , jill always says .
it is n't hard enough for him , jill is still saying .
it ai n't hard enough for him to say that jill always says .
does n't make it difficult for her , jill is still saying .
there was no difficulty with them , jill still said .
there is no hard time with them , jill always says .
they do n't have enough trouble with them jill said . jill always told .
i 'm not hard enough . jill always says .
it does n't have enough trouble with it 's not hard to say .
not very hard enough for them , jill are always saying .
currently , yen one did not know .
however , at this point , his name would be unknown .
no one had known that at the moment .
no one was aware of when boris knew .
the fact is not right now when boris knew .
boris knew , at this point , though . .
but to be right , boris no longer no idea .
boris did not know about it at this time .
that 's when boris did n't know .
that 's not the moment when boris knew .
i grown by myself , man .
my own , all , all alone .
i just grew myself
i 've grown myself .
i just got on my own ...
i feel lonely .
i was on my own
only that i 've grown alone ,
i 've grown myself .
i feel lonely .
the company will be used in financial restructured and restructured .
financial and trade restructured usually performed simultaneously .
financial restricles and business restrictive usually carried out simultaneously .
financial restricles and business restrictive were usually performed simultaneously .
financial restricles . trade restricness tend to usually be performed .
the financial restricilization that is usually carried out in the same time :
financial restricles and business and business restructurestricited are then .
in the same way , there is a financial restructured and voluntary , which is usually is usually takes place of work .
in the same way , there is a financial restructured and voluntary , which is usually is usually takes place of work .
the two . financial restructured trade is usually carried out of place .
they all are my favorite girls .
girls with ponytail is my favorite .
little girl will be my favorite .
the girls who have a ponytail is my favorite .
get up with the girls with ponytail .
girls with ponytail are being my favorite .
horse ponytail favorite girls .
girls with ponytail belonged to me to be my favorite .
girls with ponytail , they make me favourite .
come girls belong to my favorite .
there 's a ruddy of your lips and cheeks
the ruddy is the ruddy of your lips and face of beauty ,
you have a ruddy lips and cheeks . to be beautiful .
to be drawn up by your face is roubles and lips and your face is beautiful .
`` such rubles have the rubles on your cheeks . ``
there 's a ruddy of your lips and face and beauty .
the rustats on your lips and cheeks are
there 's a rudder of your lips and face with beauty .
there were really ruddy about lips and cheeks to be beautiful cheeks .
your lips and face of the beautiful red faces of the rubles .
this does n't really mean that many diseases to prevent participation in sport .
more importantly and stopping the vast number of diseases to prevent from taking part in sport .
above all matters , a large diseases can be prevented from sport .
it is also important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
rather , it is important to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport .
furthermore
rather , difficulties to prevent many diseases from taking part in sport
many disease can be prevented from taking part in sport .
greater significance for many diseases , however , may be prevented by involved in sport .
furthermore
maximum flexible is needed by these rules on the
let 's maximum flexibility to provide these rules :
maximum flexible should be laid down by these rules .
maximum flexibility is needed by the rules .
maximum flexibility is required by these rules .
the following rules should be made more flexible
the maximum possibility of these rules has to be flexible .
the maximum adjustment requirement was to be flexible .
the maximum possible flexibility in these rules should also be laid down .
maximum flexibility should be laid down by these rules .
are n't you worried ?
yeah . do n't you worry .
okay . have no fear .
no fear , don ' t worry .
will you be afraid ?
he 's not worried .
is n't that scary ?
is n't that scary ?
are n't you scared ?
it 's nothing to worry about .
what you 're talking about is a mess with me ! ` said the prisoner .
all you 're talking about to talk about me was confused .
what you 're talking about is a mess with me ! ` said the prisoner .
` what do you 're you talking about ? ` said the prisoner .
yeah . what you 're talking about is a mess with me , `` said the prisoner .
i guess you talk of a mess talking about , `` the prisoner .
` what do you 're you talking about ? ` said the prisoner .
` what kind of mistake you 're talking about me ? ' said the prisoner .
what you 're talking about is a mess . ``
you told me what you were talking about , `` the prisoner answered .
claims that the ban will be canceled ...
he says the ban will be canceled .
`` said , prohibition 's off .
`` he says the ban 's going to be canceled .
he said the ban on them now in a way
he says the ban will be canceled .
he says the ban , i mean . ''
he said , that ban is going to be canceled .
he says the ban is canceled . ``
says the ban 's already he 's gon na cancel . -
nothing hurts you to hurt the blade when you 're on your side .
you want to hurt any demonic strength while the blade 's on your side .
no demonic force can hurt you while the knife is in your side .
no demonic force can hurt you while the knife is in your side ,
no demonic can hurt you while the blade 's at your side .
the demonic force does n't hurt you while the blade 's at your side .
no demonic force can hurt you while the knife is at your side
no demonic force hurts you while the blade is on your side .
if the knife is in your hip , it will be hurt you .
no demonic force was hurt when the knife was in your side .
you 're leaving dr lo alone , grandma knows what he 's going on .
you 're leaving dr lo alone , grandma knows what he 's going on .
the grandmother knows what she does .
grandma , i know what he 's doing .
` granny ... leave dr lo alone . ` he knew .
grandma tell dr. lo himself that he knows what he 's doing .
she left dr. lo alone and knew what he was doing .
grandma , let dr lo go , i know what she 's going to happen . grandma .
grandma , mom , she 's gon na know what she 's doing .
granny lo , she knew what she was doing .
there had been a huge black wolf 's face .
the dog was squatting beside him .
squatted by a huge black wolf dog .
black wolves croughostly .
next the huge black wolf crouched .
a huge black wolf dog is squattaining next to him .
it was a huge black wolf dog .
a huge black wolf began to squatter next to him .
a huge black wolf crouched at his side .
huge , black wolf black dog was next man 's face .
no , please ... i have n't seen me so much more beautiful than her beautiful beauty of beauty of her eyes , like nobody ever seen .
... as if she had n't seen me so beautiful as her beautiful lonely eyes in her eyes that had ever seen before .
and have n't been so much with her beauty , like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
not that ... i found that she was so beautiful as a special lonely person in her eyes , like nobody ever seen before .
not that - she did n't hit me so beautiful as a special solitary in her eyes , like nobody ever saw .
as it was n't so beautiful , she was like a beautiful solitary person in her eyes , like no one had ever seen .
nothing to do with her beauty is still the way to me to her eyes of an exceptional solitary person has never seen before .
i have n't been hit by her beauty , like an exceptional lonely man in her eyes .
and i have n't been so much of her beauty , as an exceptional lonely eye , like no one have n't seen before . ``
i never saw out her beauty of her beauty , as well as special solitary in her eyes as nobody saw .
is that a responsibility ?
you have a consumer security to be safe , is it not ?
these duties are , the responsibility to make sure of the security of customers , okay ?
responsibilities are made to make sure the security of the security is n't you ?
you have to be responsible security of the customer . not ?
listen
so do your duties , so that the security are safe .
ca n't that be your responsibility to make sure the security of customers are safe ?
is n't your responsibility to make sure the security of customers ?
you got a responsibility to make sure the security , okay ?
that was , my eyes staring at me patting my brain .
he was n't looking me in the eye like he was taking my brain .
he looked me in the eye , looking at my brains .
he looked into my eyes , as if he had been patting my brain
he looked up at me as if he was taking my brain off ...
he looks in my eyes like he 's taking my brain .
`` he looked me in the eye as if he had his brain .
looks like he looked at my eyes fell on my brain .
my eye was like he was taking my brain off .
they look in my eyes as if they were taking my brain off .
his new artists appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
the early 1970s had in early 1970s appeared .
turns out the new artists were early 1970s
his new artists appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
new artists at the early '70s appeared on the morning .
new artists at the early '70s had appeared .
it was a new artist from the early 1970s .
come on the early 1970s was a new artist in the first place .
it was a new artist , at the early 70s .
new artists appeared at the beginning of the 1970s .
forgive me is not gon na make me feel better .
it 's not gon na make me feel better ...
you 're sorry is not what i 'm feeling better .
forgive me , there was no better feeling .
sorry nothing made me feel better about your regret .
not really your sorry , not feeling better .
your sorry 's not gon na make me feel better .
your regret of yours ... ... will not make me feel better .
it 's not .
it 's just that your sorry is not feel better .
as francesco sabatini stayed calm , he was carefree all over the meeting .
he kept francesco sabatini calm and carefree all the meetings .
however , this is quiet and carefree in francesco sabatini .
francesco sabatini 's calm eyes remained in silence .
the francesco was calm and carefree in the time of the meeting .
then there was a calm and carefree at francesco sabatini .
francesco sabatini remained in silence , carefree and carefree during the meeting .
he was still calm and carefree all the time .
francesco sabatini 's silence remained calm and carefree all of the meeting .
francesco sabatini and still he kept quiet and carefree .
the man kissed him first , '' she wanted .
you know her biggest wish was to kiss her first .
and she had the biggest wish to kiss him first .
and i wish her biggest wish to kiss her first .
the biggest wish of all the kisses of hers was first .
her biggest wishes were to kiss him first .
her wish was the first kiss her first kiss him first .
shek had the first kiss that kiss her first .
her biggest wish to be to kiss her first kiss
she 'd have kissed her first kiss .
and then i get a lot less chance of sex .

my chance will be sex very much lower .
in fact , sandy today has a very lower chance of sex .
and it ` il make it a lot lower sex
well , carlos today will have a lot lower chance for sex .
very likely , but carlos will have a much lower chance of sex .
lucas will have a lot lower chance to have sex .
it 's more likely that sten will have a chance to have a chance sex .
well at the end , carlos will have a lot lower chance of sex .
her exchange is a surprise to langdon .
looks like of them would surprise langdon .
they 've given langdon a surprise .
with langdon ' s exchange .
she looked at langdon and surprised .
she was startled , looking at langdon and in surprise .
she exchanged a surprise to langdon to langdon .
her exchange was startled by langdon .
the exchange comes from langdon 's surprise .
they 've given langdon a surprise .
i 've never heard about that ?
ever a please did hear about that ?
he 's the one who 's heard ?
hey , ever heard of that ?
people ever hear it out ?
ever heard of that ?
you 'd hear about that ?
have you heard about that ?
heard about that ?
the heard could be ?
that 's what everyone suspects when a girl is in trouble .
former ex-wife , one , everyone 's suspect in trouble .
the ex are the only suspects when the girls are in trouble .
the ex-wife is the one who suspects when a girl is in trouble . she 's okay .
the ex-wife is the only suspect when a girl is in trouble .
ex , man , his only suspect ...
he 's not gon na be in trouble with his ex-wife .
my ex-wife 's the only suspect , the girl 's in trouble .
ex-wife , everyone , to a suspect when a girl is in trouble
he 's got a girl suspects in trouble .
have grady agreed with the negotiations ?
the grady , you agreed the negotiations ?
not agreed to negotiate ?
did you agree with grady ?
has grady agreed on the negotiations ?
have grady agreed on negotiations ?
and grady agreed on negotiations ?
you agreed on negotiations ?
were grady agreed with the negotiations ?
is grady so much ?
is they differ from individual stakeholders ' estimates
the result is a substantial variation between stakeholders ' estimates .
we have a substantial variation between estimates of individual stakeholders . ``
measuring the various stakeholders is a substantial variation .
there are many variation of the estimates of individual stakeholders .
`` various stakeholders have a substantial variation in estimates . ``
much variation , individual stakeholders
there is a substantial variation between the estimates of individual stakeholders .
there were much different estimates of individual stakeholders .
a substantial variation of individual stakeholders ' estimates .
cos i 'm hard , you 're not gon na love me
i 'm hard . you 're not gon na love me .

because i 'm hard you 'll never love me .
because i 'm hard to love you .
'cause i 'm hard ... you 're not gon na love me

`` because i 'm hard , not like me .
because i 'm hard , you 're not gon na like me .
it 's a tough thing for me .
they took a snack box ? to
they took a snack box ? to
did they bring the boxes of snack
he 's taken their snack boxes
it 's a snack box ?
it 's a snack box ?
they used to take the snack box
it 's a snack box ?
they were taking the snack box ...
it 's a snack box ?
but , when evidence is shown , they do not exist in security systems .
it indicates serious shortcomings in security systems .
because there are serious shortcomings in security systems .
as evidence of serious shortcomings in security systems exist ...
since there are serious shortcomings in security systems :
evidence shown by evidence to be serious shortcomings in security systems . ``
since there is evidence , i have serious shortcomings in security systems .
because there are serious shortcomings in security systems .
by the evidence showed serious shortcomings took place within security systems
it comes from evidence that there are serious shortcomings in security systems . .
do you know who doogie howl is ?
hey , know who doogie howl is ?
i know who doogie howl ?
know about who doogie howser is ?
hey . who 's doogie howl ?
do you know who doogie howl is ?
ever know the doogie howl ?
hey , uh , who doogie howl ?
you know who doogie howl ?
can you please know who doogie howl is ?
kept his stuff more than a decade ago ,
kept his stuff more than a decade ago ,
they kept his stuff for more than a decade and did they ?
he 's been keeping his stuff for more than a decade ?
the thing was ten years ago ? no .
they kept his stuff for more than ten years ago ?
everything was held his stuff for more than a decade ?
these stuff things were worth more than a decade ago , right ?
has his stuff have been kept for more than a decade ?
`` they kept his stuff for more than a decade ? ' time ? ''
enemy will be here in seconds .
that 's just a few seconds when the enemy came to the scene .
enemies came to the scene in seconds .
well
i got there in a few seconds with the enemies .
within seconds , the enemy had come to the scene .
inside , enemies came home in seconds .
within seconds , enemies took place at the scene .
enemies came to the scene in seconds .
within seconds , enemies have come to the scene .
was it such a fucking thing ?
it 's a fool ?
is that stupid , man ?
am the fool is
well , such a fool ...
do i be such an asshole ?
am i 'm such a dick ?
yeah . is that stupid ?
stupid , man , this asshole ?
stupid son of a bitch ?
kind of sad that your friend gave her life was a little .
like a sad friend who gave her life .
you have a sad friend who gave her life .
and your friend 's sad about giving her a life .
your friend live out of her .
it 's a shame your friend gave her a life .
it 's a shame your friend gave her a life .
do you feel sad about your friend ?
your friend used to make her , uh
your friend lived pretty sad .
does n't it like pain ?
no . will you enjoy the pain ?
does n't he like pain ?
monster , you do n't like pain ?
you 're crazy and you like pain ?
you 're crazy , you enjoy the pain ?
do you like pain ?
do n't you like pain ?
are you enjoying the pain ?
did your madness do you pain ?
indisplendinctuimaginsults by shooting .
germany means a bullet .
the german means a bullet .
a german insulting means bullet
german insulting ` il shoot at the german
the german . man . 's been shooting at the german .
the german 's insulting that they take a bullet .
it 's just a german killer who takes a bullet .
the german insulting is now shot .
german insults means to take a bullet .
sir , the sniper 's rifle have been able to succeed .
the operation has been successful , capable of a sniper 's rifle ;
only sniper 's rifle will happen to succeed .
i want to know how successful operation with the sniper 's rifle .
the success of the operation is a sniper 's rifle .
the success of the operation . . .
the `` of the sniper 's rifle '' is a success .
by dealing with a successful operation , a sniper 's rifle
do the sniper rifle success
and the operation 's successful ... is determined by a sniper 's rifle .
they can produce nuclear weapons .
individuals ca n't build nuclear weapons , right ?
is anyone gon na build nuclear weapons ?
but , sir , was n't the people who could ever produce nuclear weapons ?
individual ca n't build nuclear weapons , eh ?
individual 's never built nuclear weapons , is it ?
individuals ca n't build nuclear weapons , will they ?
individuals ca n't build nuclear weapons , will they ?
individuals ca n't produce nuclear weapons , will they , sir ? ``
individuals ca n't build nuclear weapons , do they ?
sir , have you never been a miracle ?
never make out of miracle again ?
never again do miracle come to an end ?
the miracle of magic will not be over ?
no miracle is the ending ?
have you ever been a miracle ?
have the miracle never come to an end ?
it 's not a miracle to end ?
there are no surprises ?
it 's not going to end the miracle ?
his helmet and the legs are smashed .
the helmets with his feet are on his helmet .
no . his helmet and legs were smashed .
the flashy and feet and feet slammed into his helmet .
his helmet and the legs are smashed .
the helmet and legs were slammed into his helmet .
the helmet with his feet of flechucknites .
the helmet with his feet of flecuckled .
helmet helmet helmet legs are hit by flechuckles .
flechink legs are on his feet .
another four next is in the area of access .
points in the neighborhood four other
we have four more sides next to the local access points of access . ``
getting access points is another four . to the village .
there are more than four other houses in the neighborhood of the village .
`` other four are the next four to access points of access points . ``
further four , next points
there is another four in the area with access points of the village .
there were more four more to get a local approach .
another four 's next to the local access point of the village .
similar pensions are in a small number of employers .
and to offer some such a lower income that will be offered by a smaller number of employers .
something like defined-benefit pensions thus offered a small number of employer :
a defined-benefit pension 's being offered by a smaller number of employers .
defined-benefit pensions so similar to a smaller number of employers
something like a defined-benefit pension can be offered by a smaller number of employers .
there was something similar to defined-benefit pensions that would therefore be offered by a smaller number of employers .
something like defined-benefit pensions are in ... . offered by a smaller number of employers .
today there was something similar to defined-benefit pensions that would be offered by a smaller number of employers .
as a consequence
the dose of animal testing has therefore been investigated .
the dose of animal tests was therefore did not consider by the amount of animal tests .
the dose of animal tests on the same amount to her animal tests was therefore investigated .
many animal tests were considered as a result of the amount of dose .
the dose and her dose and the dose were the animal testing .
her doses have been investigated as a consequence of the tests of animals .
the dose 's therefore considered the dose of animal tests as a result .
the dose of animal testing has therefore been investigated .
the dose of animal tests on the same amount to her animal tests was therefore investigated .
the amount of dose administration in animals was therefore subject to be investigated .
to make sure someone 's watching your back ...
you have to make sure , there 's someone looking at you . that you have to watch your back .
to make sure someone 's watching you , `` okay ?
do n't make sure someone 's watching your back .
he has to make sure someone is watching your back .
needs to make sure someone is watching you back .
do you have to make sure someone is watching you .
make sure someone watch your back .
you must make sure someone is watching your back
you have to make sure someone 's back there .
could n't you shoot the lock ?
can you shoot the lock ?
can you shoot off the lock ?
have you ? can you ?
can you not fire the lock ?
could n't you shoot the lock ?
fire him a lock ?
you 're not able to shoot the lock ?
`` can you not fire , please ?
you 're not shooting , right ?
building is in the center , where it 's the easiest thing to do .
buildings and centre were the easiest thing to do
in the center is the easiest thing to do .
the center is the easiest thing to do .
they build a center for the easiest thing .
we can easily build the center of the easiest .
construction is the easiest thing to do .
it was easiest to build the center .
building a center 's the easiest thing to do .
building is the easiest thing to do
well
i think i do n't made a stupid mistake .
i guess i did n't make a stupid mistake .
assuming i do n't think i 'd make a mistake .
- if i did n't make a stupid mistakes ,
i guess if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
i guess if i did n't make a stupid mistake ,
- i guess if i did n't make a stupid mistake .
if i did n't make a silly mistake , i guess . .
no way of making a silly
i 'm joking ? to
for a joke ...
this is a joke . guys ?
it 's about to be kidding .
it 's a joke .
your joke , you kidding me ?
is that a joke ? .
`` it 's a joke , you know ? '
this is a joke .
`` but the joke is it ? ''
you 've had a smile .
that did n't make him happy .
was there a clear smile .
his smile was very happy as he was .
he clearly laughed with joy .
he smile very happy smile .
he was very happy to smile .
he was smiling , obviously not happy about it .
he smiled , a clear pleasure .
he could smile , of course .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones now looked .
heavy retrievable arches , with stiff cheekbones , make his face look weird .
heavy retrievable arches , and stiff cheekbones , look weird .
heavy retrievable arches with stiff cheekbones makes his face look weird .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones that make his face look weird .
heavy retrievable arches to stiff cheekbone
with heavy retrievable arches and heavy cheekbones are making his face look weird .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones with a peculiar face
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones , faces suddenly looked like a little face .
heavy retrievable arches and stiff cheekbones make him look weird .
how hard 's making tea ?
how difficult you make tea ?
what 's a tough thing about making tea ?
how much time do i have for tea ?
what 's so difficult about making tea ?
how hard do you like making tea ?
how difficult to make tea .
and what 's it difficult for tea ?
how hard more difficult to make tea ?
how much tea do you have ?
does he know ? soldier mona came out of his mouth ?
does soldier mona coming out of his mouth ?
the soldier , sloppin his mouth of the man who looks quite natural ?
a soldier of sloblowed from his mouth of a little man who would have thought of natural ?
do the soldiers come out of their mouths sound quite naturally ,
the soldier will come out of his mouth , as bean wondered .
soldier mona bblin that soldier out of his mouth sounds quite natural ? bean asked ,
would the soldier slop come out of his mouth , like bean ?
the soldier mona who came out of his mouth , was n't he really be natural ?
is the soldier obscured by the sound of his lips ?
you should have killed her for 30 minutes instead of half an hour .
i thought you 'd have to kill her in 30 minutes .
instead of waiting for half an hour to kill him killed in 30 minutes .
instead of waiting for half an hour to kill her .
you should have killed her in 30 minutes and waited and not to wait for 30 minutes .
you do n't have to wait for half an hour to kill her .
you should have killed her for 30 minutes instead of half an hour .
you have to kill her ... . instead of waiting for 30 minutes ... .
you know , instead of waiting for half an hour to kill her .
instead of waiting for half an hour , someone should have killed her in 30 minutes .
the stride 's not gon na take him to the motorcycle .
both strides take him on the motorcycle .
no , let 's get him into the motorcycle .
we 're bringing him to the motorcycle .
two of two stride strides with his bike
well , two strides are on his motorcycle .
then there 's two strides on the motorcycle .
strides are bringing him to the motorcycle
the two strides are bringing him to the motorcycle .
`` his bike is going to take two strides .
calm and obviously not afraid are the way francesco sabatini had met .
calm and obviously unfeared ; francesco sabatini had already been through the meeting .
calm is how francesco sabatini has been through the meeting .
and it 's obviously not afraid that francesco sabatini was all over the meeting .
calm , apparently unfeared . . . how francesco sabatini was the meeting .
this is francesco sabatini 's sabatini 's calm and clearly unfeared .
and obviously not afraid that francesco sabatini 's sabatini all the time .
this was how francesco sabatini had been a whole meeting .
and it was calm and unfeared that francesco sabatini had been through the way to meet ...
and apparently , i was
they went out with tyler for lunch quickly , right ?
the ty 's at lunch .
their quick luncheered with tyler for lunch .
their clothes were tyler for lunch .
they went to tyler for lunch .
they went out , tyler 's going to lunch , right ?
from tyler to lunch with tyler .
they went , too , with tyler quickly .
they went to tyler for lunch .
come on , they took tyler to lunch quickly .
our bags are like cattle together .
take the bag and the cattle together .
bring the bags and cattle together . take this .
did we go for the bag and the cattle together ?
please , i 'm going to have these bags and cattle together
our place gave them these bags and cattle .
we have to bring the bags and the cattle together . .
look , it 's possible to bring the bags and cattle together .
i 'm going to take the bags and cattle together .
do n't take the bags and cattle together .
there 's a value to take risks .
it was worth taking risks .
i must take risks .
at the same time the risk .
he paid the risk for
well , the risk , the risk that .
it was worth taking risks .
i 'm worthy of the risk .
it was worth taking risks .
that , they 've been worth taking risks
indeed , each is very efficient in achieving certain objectives .
each person is very effective in order to reach certain objectives .
it was designed very effectively , so that some objectives could be achieved .
each means that it 's built very effectively made for achieving certain objectives .
it was : very efficient for achieving certain objectives .
that each one is very efficient enough to reach some objectives .
it is designed very effectively reach certain objectives .
everyone 's designed very effectively so that some objectives can be achieved
every man is designed very effectively so that certain objectives are achieved
each person is in a very efficient way to reach some objectives .
the planet is most predatory .
our planet is going to be a fish .
hey , our planet is the biggest fish .
our planet 's best fish in the world .
our planet 's best fish in the world .
on the planet 's greatest fish .
our planet belongs to the greatest fish .
the world of our world is the most predatory fish .
our world fish is flying .
we have the biggest fish on the planet .
windows and the laundry , while the windows are playing soccer kids .
i have laundry hanging out of windows and children playing soccer .
laundry is hanging from windows and children playing soccer .
here 's the laundry i 've been hanging from windows and children playing soccer
`` from windows and children playing soccer is laundry ''
there 's laundry hanging from windows and children playing soccer .
that 's not the windows wash ... ... to play soccer
windows wash that 's hanging out and children 's soccer . .
washing from windows and kids in the game here . . .
there 's laundry hanging from windows and children playing soccer .
the animals were killed before his audience .
animals before his death before him were killed .
they 've been murdered before the animals .
the wild animals have n't been killed before his audience .
his animals ... . killed before his audience .
animals before his audience had been killed him .
and the animals were killed before his audience ,
animal animals killed him before his audience .
his animals have been murdered before his audience . . . to
the animals were killed before his audience .
has alex 's wife been here 's wife ...
she was married to alex .
i mean , you know ?
she was another woman of alex ?
did she have another woman ?
she did n't have alex 's wife ?
alex wife could have been the wife .
she was another woman of alex ?
the wives of alex have been here ?
what about alex 's wife was the other time ?
the comparison of european countries to one another was still less obvious .
however comparing european countries to one can make answers less clearly .
compared to the european countries can however make an answer less obvious .
the comparison of european countries can be made an answer less clearly .
the answers and the european countries that compare to each other ' s response less clearly .
however comparing the european countries to one another is made less clearly .
you can however compare the european countries to compare their answers to less clearly .
compared to the countries to one another can make answers less obvious ,
the comparison ... . europe 's countries ... . europe makes .
in order to compare european countries to each other it is less obvious .
there 's a couple of octopuses that are more than five feet long , often seen by our fish .
some sort of the octopuses that are more than five meters long , often seen by our fishers .
you know , a few octopuses , which are more than five feet long than our fishers .
several octopuses in it , there are more than five feet long , and our fishers have often seen .
there 's some sort of octopuses more than five feet long ago than our fishers .
there are many octopuses that are more than five feet long than our fishers .
we can see a few octopuses more than five feet long
some octopuses do n't have much more than five feet long
there 's a couple of octopuses . it 's going to be over five yards long .
some octopuses we often ca n't see in five feet of long .
it 's possible they did n't get home , tatiana .
`` it possible no home , tatiana . ``
it 's possible they never got home , tatiana .
it 's possible they did n't get home , tatiana .
it 's possible they did n't get home , tatiana .
it 's probably not going home . tatiana
one right . maybe they never came home , tatiana .
tatiana nobody 's ever gotten home and got home .
maybe tatiana 's not going home .
it 's possible they never got home , tatiana .
that 's the taiwan gang territory .
they give it to the taiwan gangs .
the taiwanese gang land is giving me this .
i got it from the taiwan gangs ' territory .
my name will be given to the taiwan gangs .
then the taiwanese crew will be able to give me this .
after that , the taiwan gangs ' land give me this .
the sand bunch of of the taiwan gangs wo n't let me in .
oh , yeah , the taiwan gangs ' territory .
the taiwanese , taiwanese gangs will give me
one of his wild animals relieved him as he did .
the wild wild animals reassured in him , sir .
the wild animals were relieved from him .
the wild animals of hers relieved him in him .
the wild animal was relieved from him .
then the wild animals reascertained ,
wild animal animals were calm , reascertained .
wild animals could be relieved him .
the wild animals of his head relieved off .
a wild animal reassureassured .
but the ride have taken her out , even though she is going to bed , tired .
the flying time exhilarating woman took her back to bed , though she began to the bed .
the ride that took her out of the bed was already fell back , though then fell back to bed .
last ride took her exhilarat fell asleep , though she was going to go to sleep .
the ride makes her exhilarate , though she will be back in the bed again .
her ride was exhilarate , but though she was going to go back to bed .
joslows began to go , though she was when she fell back to bed .
the car 's exhilarate ride went back to her bed , though later she fell asleep .
the ride made her exhilarate even though she was going to bed .
the ride is when she came back to bed , even though she was wearing it .
any objection are on the pulling out of gossanah ?
general had something to withdraw from gossanah ?
general opposition , pulling out of gossanah ?
general , any objection to the government ?
measures were in any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
general , can any objection withdraw from gossanah ?
general had any objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
the general has no objection to pulling out of gossanah ?
general is objected to withdraw from gossanah ...
general gossanah opposition to pulling out of everything ?
ok . ok , put the chairs in here .
ok put the chairs in here .
the chairs took place .
the new chairs point `` ok .
it 's okay , and the chairs .
okay , just move the chairs .
the chairs took place .
the next set of chairs in here .
and i 'm gon na put the chairs on , is going to be fine .
your chairs came in .
`` it smells burnt . ''
smell burns . to me ?
it smells like it 's burning
it smells like fire
this is burning . . . to
i smell burned . to smell ?
they smell the smell on fire .
he smelled like fire .
it smells burning .
it has a burning , huh ?
and i beg you not to want that ?
no one 's not going .
you 're not gon na want that ?
not interested here , really ? i guess not .
i beg you , it 's not what you want .
i beg you , i beg of you , no .
well , you 're not gon na want that ?
well , you 're not gon na want that ?
i beg you . do n't think you 'd want that .
you 'd beg you , i beg you 're not .
they die ? ` said panagyn .
will they die out ?
do they die ? ` said panagyn asked .
will he die , panagyn ?
do they give them a death ?
` they 're gon na die ? ` panagyn asked .
he wo n't die ? ` said panagyn .
will they die for it now , panagyn ?
do they want to die ? ` said panagyn .
` then will they die ? ` panagyn asked .
you will kill my film .
now you kill my film .
and now you 're gon na kill my film .
kill the film !
that you will kill my film .
this will kill my film .
now the murder of my film
today you kill my film
now there 's gon na be a killing in my film .
now the movies are killing me . ``
his stuff took them more than ten years ?
he 's keeping its stuff more than ten years ?
because in ten years , was it ?
then they kept his stuff more than ten years ago ?
and does he have more than ten years left ?
and kept his stuff more than ten years ?
are they keeping his stuff in ten years ?
kept his stuff for more than ten years ?
someone kept his stuff in ten years ?
they 've been keeping his stuff in ten years ? .
could not allocate memory for a real context buffer .
you could be able to find memory for the real context buffer .
it has not been possible to allocate memory for the true context buffer .
i could not allocate memory for the real context buffer .
could not allocate memory for the real context buffer
the memory is no longer available for the real context buffer .
he did n't even find memory for the real context buffer .
could not allocate memory for the real context buffer
failed to allocate memory for the real context buffer
could not allocate memory for a real context buffer .
then we would appreciate it . ``
we would appreciate it .
we would have appreciated .
we would appreciate it
we 're grateful . ``
i wish we had to be grateful .
we would have appreciated .
we 're grateful ,
we would have appreciated .
we would have appreciated .
no one deserves death .
no one 's worthy of death .
including death , no one 's worth dying .
no one deserved to die .
yeah , they deserve death .
no one was dying ...
does anyone deserve death ? no one
nobody deserves death to
no one deserves to die !
yeah . `` nobody died .
got ta get that in my contract ...
i mean , there , there 's got ta be , uh , that .
let 's get it , uh , to my contract .
i mean , we got ta get it in my contract .
come on , there we ` sgot to my contract . ``
things that must be in my contract , sir .
are we gon na have that in my contract ? to
let 's have to my contract .
we must have that in my contract
we 're responsible for my contract .
just a visit or stay for a little while ?
i 'm visiting or stay for a while ?
visitors or stay for a while
for a while , what 's going to stay ...
visit me or stay here sometime .
one of the visitors , or stay for a while ?
just a visit or a little time , all right ?
hey , stay for a while ?
visit , come back or stay sometime ?
just a visit or staying a little time ?
i 'm pretty worried about this .
i really worry about it .
kinda 's gon na worry me .
i really worry . to .
i ' s kind of worries . . .
i ' m worried about this
i kinda worry i have been
i get a little worried .
i really feared it .
i 'm pretty worried about it . i 'm pretty worried , about it
it 's the other hate .
there 's been hate .
all the other hate .
the others is hate .
there will be hate
it 's hate for hate .
others do n't hate .
`` the other hate is hate . ``
it 's hate anymore . to
others are hate .
and my baby took it on .
did they take my baby ?
they gave me my baby .
they 're not my baby .
she takes my baby
`` did they take my child ? to them
- my baby 's on ``
the kid took my baby .
took my baby from me .
she 's taken my baby .
is there anybody ?
someone does n't come ?
here i am there ?
who 's coming ?
is anybody here yet ?
is there anybody ? no .
has anybody here ? no .
there 's somebody ?
is anybody home ? yeah .
and is somebody here ?
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
i know you can you 'll meet tomorrow ?
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
we 're going to your store tomorrow . ``
just meet in your shop tomorrow .
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
`` may i meet you in your store tomorrow . ``
we 'll meet in your shop tomorrow .
it 's going to be a meeting tomorrow .
our shots are on .
take the shots .
take the shots . take the shots .
did we go for shots ?
please , i 'm taking shots
our shot took us shots .
we have to take a shot . .
yeah , it 's possible to take shots .
i 'm taking shots .
do n't take any shots .
- these are veterans hospital ?
and ... veteran ?
it 's veterans hospital ... hospital ... hospital
it 's veterans ? veterans ' .
that 's veterans ' hospital .
it 's veterans ' hospital ?
it 's not veterans ' hospital ?
you 're not in the veterans hospital ?
it 's just the veterans hospital .
that 's veterans ' hospital .
it 's about you where you sit
i 'm gon na show you . sit down .
i 'm gon na see . sit down
i wish you to sit down .
i will show you where you sit .
in my view , it 's your seat .
show me where you sit . guys .
and let me , if you sit down .
- let me see you to me sit .
i got ta see you sit down .
the minor attacks of my son will not be feared .
my son 's attacks are no big deal .
i hate my son 's minor attacks .
the son does n't care about the minor attacks .
it was unworried about my son 's minor attacks .
the minor attacks of my son were no longer . to me
the minor attacks of my son were never worried about me .
my son 's minor is attacking me .
he wo n't be worried about my son 's minor attacks .
they 're not my son 's minor attacks
need 's relating to the veterinarian 's unnecessary medicine .
is it possible veterinarian should be consulted your veterinarian options ? for disposal of unnecessary medicine
it was here to consult your veterinarian about how to remove unnecessary medication .
no . the veterinarian are required to consult the options to be removed from unnecessary medication .
your veterinarian 's going to the possibility of the necessary medicinal products .
i guess your veterinarian should be consulted about the possibility of unnecessary medication .
your veterinarian should in investigation of the possibility of the options to remove unnecessary medicinal products
i suppose you should consult your veterinarian options . to remove unnecessary medication to be removed to unnecessary medication .
your veterinarian is required to consider the options to be removed from unnecessary medication .
`` your veterinarian was on the opinion of the possibility of eliminating unnecessary medication . ``
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
is it for 10 years
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
you really want to play soccer for a decade .
when you play soccer for ten years , you ten years old .
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
you 'd play soccer for a decade .
i thought you 'd play soccer for a decade ...
now there 's a 10 years of soccer game .
you 'd play soccer for a decade , okay ?
they do n't have three people to do well .
being three people so they 're gon na practice .
it 's only three people . so we can practice .
only three of them are very well .
only three of them , a row of good practice .
it 's only three people , they 're gon na practice .
they are for three people , so it 's gon na practice
they are only three people and are gon na practice well .
they are only three people and are gon na practice well .
only for three people , so we can practice .
it 's not possible .
none of this ever , impossible .
no , it 's not possible .
it 's not possible .
oh , that 's impossible .
no , no , i do n't know .
no , it 's not possible .
ai n't . no way .
this is impossible .
nah , it 's not possible .
his people know about noga 's physical and mental state .
know the physical and mental state .
tell him about noga 's physical and mental state .
did he know about noga 's physical and mental state ?
listen , i 'm going to know about noga 's physical and mental state
his mind gave him a physical and mental state .
we have to know about noga 's physical and mental state . .
sir , he 's aware of noga 's physical and mental state .
i suppose he aware of noga 's physical and mental state .
do n't worry about noga 's physical and mental state .
so ... have you laughed with your nose ?
ever laughed with his nose ?
have you ever smile ?
had he been smiling at his nose ?
smiling to smile on his nose ?
has he been out of his nose ?
has he not been smiling with his nose ?
he 's not in her nose ?
have n't she smiling ?
has he ever been smiling ?
things almost did n't do
i almost finished . almost finished
his things have almost finished
this is almost finished .
well , we 're all almost finished .
we 've almost finished .
has been almost finished
we 're almost finished .
it almost did that . yeah .
this is almost finished ...
we never really got much technical mistakes .
not made , uh , technical errors .
the mistake was not much technical mistakes .
we neither had much technical mistakes .
there were no technical mistakes .
i do n't know much technical errors
there was no technical error .
`` no one had much technical mistakes .
did n't had much technical mistakes ,
we had been having no good technical errors
these are hot hands .
your hands 's hot .
that 's hot hands .
hot with your hands .
it 's hot hands . to
you have hot hands .
it 's hot with hands .
all right , get your hands .
you have hot hands
that 's not hot hands .
we have to describe the work that sounds like a janitor .
the description is found in the job sounds like this way to the janitor .
i ca n't believe a description of the work that sounds like a janitor .
there 's a description of the work in the janitor looks like this .
we 've got a description of the job that sounds like a janitor .
there 's also a description of the work that sounds like a janitor
there 's a description of the work that sounds like this for janitor .
there 's a description of the work that sounds like this for janitor .
the works have a description of the description of this description of the janitor .
there 's a description of the job there 's there , there , there was a janitor .
he said it was somewhere near the border .
they say it 's somewhere near lu border .
` he says it 's somewhere near lu border .
he also says it 's somewhere near the border .
he said it to me somewhere near the border
he says it 's somewhere near lu border . ``
he says somewhere near lu border , i know .
he said , they are somewhere near lu border .
he says it 's somewhere near lu border . ``
he said it was somewhere near lu border . ``
not drinking or smoking ?
the alcohol are not prohibited ?
do n't they 're drinking and smoking ?
is n't that alcohol or cigarettes ?
alcohol and smoke 's forbidden ?
do you think alcohol and cigarettes been forbidden ?
do the alcohol are no cigarettes ?
do you no alcohol or cigarettes ?
alcohol do n't allowed to smoke ?
alcohol , and cigarettes are forbidden ?
weird call i was a woman
women who called me weird .
i guess it was an odd woman .
i have an odd call from a woman .
one weird woman was here for me .
i could have called me an odd woman .
i did n't have a weird call a woman weird .
i did n't have any weird woman .
i was n't on the weird woman .
why ? that i got a weird woman ?
for charlie , please kill us .
charlie ! charlie , charlie , get us .
charlie , charlie , let 's get us killed .
charlie , it 's going to kill us .
i guess you 'll kill us .
that you will kill us .
charlie . charlie , with you , you 'll kill us
charlie ... get us killed .
you 'll kill us .
charlie ... . . you'il kill us .
her family died here for murder ?
they murdered her family ?
they murdered her family , and they killed her ? .
they just kill her family out ?
her family has n't been murdered
ever murdered out ?
her whole family was murdered ?
they just kill her family out ?
they killed her family ?
well , the family is murdered ?
he turned his friends into ugly , hostile .
his friends ' eyes were ugly and hostile .
the eyes of his playmates turned ugly and hostile .
the played friends were turned ugly and hostile .
he has ugly , hostile eyes .
his friend was staring at his friends , ugly and hostile .
ugly enemy eyes could have turned ugly and hostile .
player eyes were still ugly and hostile .
his friends ' eyes have turned ugly and hostile .
the favorite player has turned ugly and hostile .
are you want to go to dinner ...
you want to eat , to dinner , right . what ?
are you going to dinner , eh ?
do n't you want to eat ?
come on , there you `` lunch want to go ? ``
people want to eat , dinner ?
are you going to dinner ? to
want to go to dinner . dinner .
you 'll have dinner
you want something to eat ?
i guess how much pleasure i had to be . . . to surprise . .
all right , imagine , how happy i had to be , was that i was .
imagine how happy i had to be , and how surprised i is .
great , there was pleasure .
imagine how happy i had to be and surprised .
imagine the pleasure that i had to be and how surprised i was .
`` you imagine how happy i was , and how much surprise i had to be ! ``
as a pleasure is needed to be happy ... ... to surprise
imagine how happy i had to be , and i was surprised !
i thought how happy i had to be and how surprised i was !
like a sheik oman with money .
turn off her money like sheik oman .
the money coming from the sheik oman was visible .
the money like a sheik oman , a kind of her .
flashing the money like a sheik oman .
she did n't see the money like sheik oman .
i see the money like sheik oman .
sheik oman used to blink cash
blink his money like sheik oman oman
and flashed like a sheik oman .
it 's not weird .
this is weird ... this is fun .
it 's not weird .
this is so weird . it 's fun .
i mean , i mean , this is weird here .
this is really weird .
this is really weird .
this is really weird .
this is really weird .
this is weird . this is fun .
they will laugh . to fun .
he 's laughing and fun . to
they will laugh and enjoy it .
they 'll laugh and fun
they 're gon na laugh and fun . ''
i guess they 're gon na have fun .
they will laugh and enjoy it .
they 're gon na laugh and fun ,
they will laugh and enjoy it .
they will laugh and enjoy it .
you can have planned this in four to six weeks . to
you can have planned this in four to six weeks . to
you 'll take it four to six weeks , but four to do six weeks .
you have four to six weeks .
did you do it in six weeks ?
you can have planned this for four to six weeks .
you could have it in four to 6 weeks ...
maybe this scheduled for four to 6 weeks ...
you 'll take it four to six weeks , but four to do six weeks .
you can have planned this for four to six weeks .
now i say what ?
i 'm telling you ...
` yes , i tell you ? '
i 'm telling you what ?
that 's what i 'm saying ?
i mean , what ?
i tell you what ?
i mean , what ? '
i 'm what ?
i repeat that i said :
you ' re supposed to be .
you should have been like this and it .
you should have been like this .
maybe you should really be .
you should have been like this .
you should have been like this
and you should have been . .
you should have been like this .
you 're supposed to be ...
you have to be like this
at barbecue , you met linda ?
you met linda a barbecue ?
you ' s meeting linda at barbecue ?
linda found out ? you met linda at barbecue ?
you met linda when you saw barbecue ?
you 've met linda at barbecue ?
at barbecue , you met linda ?
you know linda flower at barbecue ?
- did you meet linda at barbecue ? ``
you met linda 's barbecue ?
he could not invite d ` hoffyn
d'hoffyn was not invited .
d'hoffyn was not invited .
d'hoffyn 's not in no invitation .
the d'hoffyn invitation invited .
`` hoffyn 's not invited
`` hoffyn have not been invited .
now d ` hoffyn not invited .
they did n't invite d ` hoffyn . .
his invitation has not been invited
that course had been changed ?
course has changed and ...
course sure is a change ?
course was different , right ?
the course gave us a change ?
course you 've changed ?
course was changing ?
she had all change ?
that was different ?
you changed the change ?
uh
the test is for her kidnapping .
they may be responsible for the kidnapping tests .
maybe they 'll be responsible for the kidnapping .
maybe the test is to blame her kidnapping her .
tests have been made for her kidnapping .
it 's probably possible for her to kidnap the tests .
tests might even be responsible for her kidnapping .
kidnapping tests might be responsible for her kidnapping .
maybe the two tests will be responsible for the kidnapping .
boss , get out of the disaster .
boss , do n't get out of the disaster .
get out of the disaster !
boss ! let 's get out of the disaster !
head head release today , boss .
we 're going to leave the disaster !
go ahead ! get out of the disaster !
boss ! boss , let 's get out of the disaster .
boss boss ... go get out of this way
get out of the disaster !
my little theater is below the street level .
you remembered my theater below the street level .
the theater under the street was below the street .
my own theater is a street level .
remember . there was a theater under the street
my theater was n't under the street .
my theater is below the street .
my theater is down the street .
i have a theater under the street .
my theater 's under the street level .
and what a great thing .
how good . how great .
and it 's great , and it 's cool , you and me .
i s so cool .
your things are great .
how are you so cool ?
what 's going on ? cool ?
how great it is . . .
it 's great , like ,
how great . how good .
you 're not eating , and you 're not eating ?
do you think you 're eating ? of course .
you 're gon na do n't ?
will you be eating ?
will you eat now that you ?
you wo n't even eat ?
not even gon na eat ?
you 're not eating ?
you 're not eating , right ? yeah .
you 're not eating ?
that you had weird ideas .
you look like you 've got weird ideas , so you know ?
you look like you , thinking was really weird . ``
you look , like you 've been having fun . . . to
`` you look like you had fun idea , there were some ideas .
it 's a weird idea .
it looks like you 've had weird .
you seem weird to you .
it looks like you 've had weird ideas ...
you must be having fun ideas .
are you feeling weird ?
does n't that strike you as weird ?
does n't that strike you as weird ?
you 're not weird ?
you do n't find it weird ?
would anyone strike you ? to him
is n't it a little weird ?
do not strike you 're weird ?
ai n't that gon na strike you as weird ?
does n't that strike you as weird ?
you say someone 's helping him ?
anyone want to help him ?
are you gon na help him ?
you mean someone 's in help ?
you really said someone was helping him ?
you 're not saying someone was helping him ?
do you think someone 's helping him ?
ever say someone 's helped him ?
did you say someone 's helping him ?
that someone 's helping him ?
it 's not luck .
it 's not lucky anymore .
no , it 's not lucky .
that does n't mean lucky .
well , that 's lucky . ``
no , it 's not just lucky .
not lucky . not .
that 's no luck .
here 's what 's not to be lucky .
and that 's not lucky .
after summoning the gryf , she climbed into his strong back and spoke with the words of command .
after summoning the gryf , she climbed into his strong back and spoke with the words of command .
the gryf had climbed into his strong rear , and she had been talking of command .
after the gryf began to reach , she climbed into the strong rear and spoke with an order of order .
after the gryf began to the ground , she climbed into the back , and she spoke the words of command .
setting the gryf , the strength at his back of his strong back and talked to the company 's words about .
after summoning the gryf was climbing into his strength and talking about the order of the command .
she raised gryf had been raised her strength to her back to her back and spoke the command .
after summoning the gryf , sby climbed back to his strength , talking about the order .
after the gryf began to climb up to his strength and talking about the command .
it 's grass up from the wall .
i ca n't see the grass growing wall .
the tiled wall is rising from the grass
comes from the wall of grass ,
there 's grass growing from the wall .
oh , grass and the wall 's rising wall rising wall ...
there are grass growing from the wall .
all right , the wall grew grass .
his tiled wall wisp growing is grass .
the walls are grass rising grass .
he 's got to have coffee .
yeah , it 's a cup of coffee .
ln one , do you have a cup of coffee ?
gon na have a cup of coffee , mr. ott came too .
`` yeah . coffee took a little .
yeah , take a cup of coffee .
i guess there 's a cup of coffee .
yeah , have a cup of coffee too .
and i have to go for coffee .
yeah that did n't have to go for coffee .
as a way , this should be considered that all obligations carried out under this chapter .
that revisions should consider all obligations carried out in this chapter , they should be considered .
these revisions also consider any obligations carried out under this chapter .
`` these revisions should consider all obligations carried out under this chapter as it .
revisions should consider any obligation carried out of the chapter .
that revisions should consider all obligations carried out under this chapter ,
these revisions need to be considered that all obligations carried out under this chapter .
these revisions consider all obligations carried out under this chapter .
therefore should be considered to consider any obligations carried out of this chapter . ``
these revisions had to be considered that all obligations carried out of the chapter .
these are an aggressive messages of aggressive message , are you not ?
are you saying , this is an e-mail ?
this is a pretty aggressive message and what do you think ?
you think this is an aggressive message ?
you know , do n't sound aggressive messages ?
you know , do n't sound aggressive messages ?
you think this is an aggressive message too , huh ?
this is a pretty aggressive message , or is n't it ?
this is an aggressive message that you think ?
this is a pretty aggressive message , is n't it ?
you know , that marriage is intelligent .
intelligent way of getting married , did n't come .
there 's a clever way to get married .
we do n't have a very intelligent way of getting married
getting married ,
`` we 're in an intelligent way for marriage . ``
it 's intelligent for marriage . . .
a clever way to get married . .
intelligent way of marriage here . . ''
we have an intelligent way of getting married ...
i know you 've been upgraded .
you said you were upgraded .
you said to me ... . . . to update .
you said to me that you were upgraded ...
you said you were upgraded ...
you took you up with you
says you 've been upgraded ...
he says you 've been upgraded .
you told me you were upgraded .
you said upgraded .
you'il die on you out there by lighting your farting .
death did you burn with a fire at the side .
your lips were burned and in the fire , you and the , you burned and i and i and you burned .
by the way , you burned yourself , you lit the fire .
you burned yourself by the lights on the fire .
the fire at you on were a fire were you .
you burned yourself who burned face .
burned to death by lighting your farting .
the burning you burned yourself by lighting .
you burned yourself up to die by lighting your farts .
when it was built ... it was built above the existing water ... ... so the seating system .
in the building , above the existing water and the seating grid
the building was above the existing water and the seating grid ...
when it was built , it was full of the existing water and the seating grid .
when it was built , creating built above the existing water and seating grid .
if the building 's been built above the existing water and the seating grid .
it was built above the existing water and the power network .
like that , the construction of the existing water and the seating grid .
when it was built , it was above the existing water and the seating grid .
it was in place above of the existing water and the circuit
they were on the gun
that 's the two guns .
they both have guns .
they did n't have guns .
it 's both weapons .
were they wearing guns ?
`` both of them with guns .
they both had guns ...
they both had guns
they 've both had guns .
the damages imposed on the case of the removal of the ruins .
they wanted to remove the ruins , expressly .
the damage lists were expressly compensated .
the commission , too , `` compensation imposed when eliminating the damage .
`` also expressly , compensentiment to the removal .
`` from which they were deleted , there was a special list , too .
they also have to describe the damages on the list of the eliminating .
to be , in addition , and expressly list damages .
to the same list of damages they also has damages .

screaming looks like it 's sad .
sound sound screaming is really sad
as if he 's sad , let 's sad .
looks like it 's like she 's sad .
sound like she 's sad .
screaming , i think she 's sad , like that .
when she sounds sad . . .
the scream seemed sad to me as if she was sad .
it sounds sad . screaming .
this scream would also sound sad
what a good taste , it has , she must have .
what kind of taste it has .
you have a nice taste .
what is the taste of it .
the taste of it is delicious .
what good taste , and has it .
what good taste she has ...
what a nice taste she has .
how nice taste she has .
this is going to taste good taste like .
that 's a thing to appreciate
the woman should appreciate it .
`` maybe that 's your wife 's gratitude .
if you know , the whole women should appreciate it .
that was supposed to appreciate your wife .
you should appreciate the woman .
the woman should appreciate it .
you should appreciate it with your wife
`` that 's what your wife should appreciate your wife .
these are supposed to appreciate your wife .
well , the messenger delivered the envelope full of cash .
the messenger , sir , `` was the envelope full of cash .
the messenger just brought up an envelope full of cash .
messenger , envelope load envelope full and why ?
courier only delivered envelope -LRB- cash -RRB- . why ?
one messenger gave you the envelope full of cash .
the messenger 's all over you . you got the money envelope ...
please , the messenger 's giving you the envelope full of cash .
now the messenger gave you , the envelope full of cash , the man .
messenger just got you the envelope full of cash .
have you come yet ?
have you come ?
will you not come ? of course ?
you 're not going ?
he 's not even going ?
does anyone come here ?
come on . eh ?
do you not come ?
you 're not going ?
you never got you ?
i do n't even like being trapped in bed .
what hatred was in bed in bed ?
the things i hate to be trapped in bed ...
what i hate is that i hate is down to bed .
what do i hate to be trapped in bed ?
it 's the bed .
the man caught the bed .
like when i hate to be trapped in bed
what i hate , it 's a bed of trapped in bed .
the fact that i hate is to be stuck in bed .
what does it not want to compentail ?
so how could any compensation be appropriate ?
will some kind of compencompasse ?
well , yeah ? does n't some kind of compensation need n't it ?
not suitable for compensation ?
would anyone be unable to compencompencompentail ?
would anyone be unable to compencompencompentail ?
would some kind of these compencompasscation ?
ai n't there any compensation ?
how does any compencompencompasse ?
son of a bitch 's gon na get his ass .
the bastard would have kicked his ass .
bastards would n't be kicked out of their asses .
this ai n't would have kicked his ass .
bastards are gon na kick his ass ...
that son of a bitch will kick his ass . ``
fucking did n't get kicked up his butt .
son of a bitch , kicked out of his ass will be kicked . ``
the bastard will be kicked his ass .
the bastard gets his ass off .
someone `` missing is a report from the woman from woodburne for her husband .
and no one has a woman reporting from woodburne for her husband .
then there will be no man reporting from a woman from woodburne for his husband .
the missing person is reporting from a woman from woodburne for her husband
there 's no man who reports a woman from woodburne 's wife .
oh , no one 's reporting from woodburne 's wife ...
there are missing people who have reported the woman from woodburne female for her husband .
all right , the woman reported out of woodburne 's wife .
the women report a missing people . to report to the woodburne woodburne to her husband .
someone came to be missing from woodburne 's wife . ``
no new treatment measures have no battles .
the remedy never win battles for that .
no battles were winning battles .
remedy does n't really win the battles .
the remedy does n't fight .
retreated battles are n't winning .
the remedy does n't fight .
and retreated does n't win the battles .
remedy have no wins . ``
remedy do n't fight .
you might seem you were acting pretty much ...
your behavior would appear to be very regional .
apparently i do n't think you act pretty around ...
as if you seem to have been acting pretty much , looks like you 've been acting pretty around .
the situation does seem to be very regional .
this looks like you 're acting pretty much around here .
you seem to have been acting pretty much , there are you .
there 's a lot of location .
looking like you were acting pretty around .
you seem to have been acting pretty well , acting .
you do n't sure how he died .
the unknown thing is to me how he died .
i never know how he died .
not familiar with his death .
i really do n't know ... like he died .
i 'm never sure how he died
in me , i know how he died .
i know he 's dead . how he died .
it 's unknown how he died .
and i do n't know how he died .
the hotel 's broken rooms are just like nixon 's .
it 's just like nixon went to break into the hotel room .
break to the hotel room just like nixon
breaking into the hotel room is not entirely like nixon is going down .
the break to the hotel room is what nixon went down .
broken in the hotel room , just like nixon 's .
the hotel 's rooms are going to be like nixon .
it 's just like nixon 's going to the hotel .
the way nixon the house is going to be broken nixon .
in the hotel room , the broken nixon has really not going down .
they 're an autopsy report ?
this is an autopsy report ?
it 's an autopsy report ?
they 're an autopsy report ?
this is an autopsy report ?
autopsy is a report ?
report to you ? to the autopsy ?
this is an autopsy report ?
check out . report out ?
this is an autopsy report ?
nael 's at risk of dying .
it 's at risk of dying .
nael at 's at risk of death is
nael are at risk of dying
the nael is dangerous to die .
nael is at stake , so i 'm dying .
it 's dangerous to die . ``
that nael 's at risk of death
at the nael 's risk , death
the nael danger was in danger of dying
to help protect your safety of the web browsing ... blocked other content from this site .
to help protect your security , you have more content , more content of the site .
the web browsing other content from this site as it helps protect your safety .
help you saved your security , the security site your web browsing other content from this site .
it was also possible to help protect your safety of your web browsing content from this site .
also , you can protect your security , you , your website , you blocked .
and it helps protect your safety of the web browse has blocked by other content .
also helps you protect your security , your web browsing more content from this site .
also , your website blocked the content of the web browsing ,
also , your site blocked the content of the web browsing .
and her weight 's more than this .
but her weight levels are a little higher .
they have a little higher weight than this .
her weight 's more than this .
a little higher than that .
that 's a little higher than that .
weight is a little higher than this .
weight is a little higher than this
weight over it 's got a little
the weight exceeds that . to her .
they are using intermittent explosions
they are using intermittent explosions .
they use intermittent explosions . ``
use the intermittent news .
use intermittent explosions be used
they are using intermittent explosions
`` use intermittent explosions , `` right ?
will they use intermittent explosion ?
use the intermittent news .
use the explosion from the tent . ``
the mother did it .
did my mom like that ?
she 's been the mother .
they were my mom .
they were my mother . ``
they were my mother . ``
did you see her mother to me
she 's been my mom
it 's my mom .
it 's my mom .
you 're going to be a new york office in new
there 's a new york employee
i mean , he 's a new york employee ,
in a new york office employee .
that 's a new york office employee .
was a new york office employee ...
in new york , he 's a member of a employee .
that 's ... new york 's a new cop ...
in a new york office employee ...
he , well ... new york 's employee .
nicole kept crying at the time still .
nicole kept crying .
`` nicole kept crying . ``
there 's no crying . to nicole .
nicole could keep crying .
nicole continued the crying ,
to nicole , there was a cry .
nicole says she 's crying . ``
nicole continued , crying
did she still continue crying ?
there 's no stable girl .
we have no stable girls .
there 's no stable girl . to
there 's no stable girl . to
these are the stable girls .
no stable girl in stable ...
we do n't have any stable girls . ``
`` we do n't have stable girls . ``
stable girls do n't even exist .
there will be no stable girl .
there 's a dance ?
it 's a dance ?
are you gon na dance ?
`` you 're not dancing ? ``
it 's a dance ?
do you want to dance ?
you liked the dance ?
do you want to dance ?
you love the dance ?
love 's a dance ?
you see that stone ? no .
i 'm not to see that stone .
see that stone around ? no .
what 's going on , you stone ?
hey , you guys . you see the stone ?
and you see that stone around ?
what about that stone ?
can there be a stone around ?
see that stone around here ?
you see that stone around the stone
it 's a funny time .
that was fun .
and that 's fun .
how many times fun .
fun , how funny .
guys , what fun .
et , what a funny moment .
yeah , what a funny moment .
i guess it 's fun .
just a funny little fun .
the disrespectful thing about now !
how disrespectful you are !
hey , it 's disgusting .
how disrespectful you are !
what a shame you 're like ! you ! you !
what a disrespectful thing ... . . how you are !
how disrespectful you are !
you were so disrespectful .
what if i disrespect you !
and how disrespectful thing you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you !
he was trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he was trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he 's trapped in cardassia , the klingons attacked .
he had to catch cardassia when the klingons attacked .
he was here when the klingons attacked .
his trap was trapped in cardassia when the klingons attacked .
at cardassia has been arrested him when the klingons attacked .
he was trapped at cardassia when the klingons attacked
he was trapped in cardassia and attacked him .
that he was trapped in .
as soon as i died once .
i would n't be dead just as soon as i got attacked .
as soon as soon as i was attacked .
i would have died just as soon as i got attacked .
- would be dead , just as soon as i got attacked .
i would have died just as soon as i was attacked .
i die just as soon as i got attacked .
- would be dead , just as soon as i got attacked .
they killed me as soon .
let me die just as soon as i get attacked .
applicants have applicants to apply to administrative positions of eurosimply .
applicants for administrative positions were invited to apply to applicants .
applicants shall be invited to the administrative position of eurosimply .
but applicants are invited to apply to administrative positions , eurosimply to be applied .
applicants is requested to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply .
the applicants shall apply to be requested for administrative positions of eurosimply .
applicants were invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply :
applicants have a request for administrative positions of eurosimply .
applicants shall be invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply
applicants are invited to apply to administrative positions in eurosimply
i promise you that dream before my dream .
i promise you that dream before my dream .
i swear , and i will dream before mine .
promising to dream before mine .
i swear ... ... . before i would have a dream .
i promise you promised you that dream before mine .
it is promising that you have dreams before mine .
i swear , i promise you to dream before mine .
i promise you that i promise to dream before mine .
i . one day i promise you'il dream before mine .
see , the girl scout watches her grandmother , who killed the bull .
`` she 's a girl looking at her grandmother killing a bull . ``
the girl 's looking at her grandmother 's murder of a bull .
i know , the girl is looking at her grandmother 's murder .
this is a girl who 's looking at her grandmother 's murder of a bull
they 're just looking at her grandmother kill a bull ...
she 's a girl who 's looking at grandma who 's murder .
she 's a girl who 's looking at her grandma kill a bull
she 's looking at her grandmother 's murder a bull .
she 's a girl who 's looking at grandma who 's murder .
what you 're afraid of , catches you .
if you 're afraid , he , it , he 's in fact ...
fear 's going to catch you .
it 's afraid they 'll catch you afraid to catch .
what you 're afraid is the catch .
what you 're afraid will catch you .
fear someone really catches you .
he 's worried ... . so they catch you .
so now you 're afraid to catch .
and what you 're afraid of being caught .
he mixed the water , put in the pump .
he took the water and put it and into the pump and the pump .
water mixed it up with the pump it .
give me the water .
mix it water . get in the pump .
it 's mixed up with water . put the pump .
water 's mixed with water together .
water combination came in with the pump .
the water ran into the pump .
mix it with water , i 'll get into the pump .
it 's not difference ?
these are differences ?
any difference in it ...
there 's been difference ,
it 's a difference ?
`` we do n't have difference ? `` ? ``
is there any difference ? no .
do you have any difference ?
it 's a difference ?
you mean ... in difference ?
and we need to be a open area open and light fire
we have to find the area of space , and the fire fire fire .
we have to find the area of space , and the fire is on the fire .
no , let 's find the open area and that fire is on fire .
we need to be found an open area . let 's burn the fire .
is that what we have to find an open area and light fire ?
do we have to be open area to light the fire .
let 's find the open area , and light the fire
we just must find the open area ... . . and the fire will burn .
we have to find the area of space , and the fire is on the fire .
i really do n't know .
i guess i-i had no certainty .
i did n't know
i myself had no idea if i was .
i do n't know , my people are certain .
but i do n't know . of course .
i do n't know . i really do n't know .
# i do n't know , i do n't know , really know .
i do n't know .
i really do n't know .
`` excuse me , mr. harriman ?
does harriman excuse me ?
that 's a moment to apologize , mr. harriman .
forgive me a moment , mr. harriman .
excuse me , mr. harriman .
sorry time , please .
` i 'm sorry . mr. harriman ? ''
`` sorry , mr. harriman ?
mr. harriman , do you excuse me ?
excuse me , mr. harriman ?
`` stop it , asshole ! ''
you asshole you bastard !
stop it . there was a bitch !
fucking stop it !
knock off the bastard !
are you gon na stop , asshole ?
stop it . you son of a bitch !
stop it , is you fucking get it on you ?
stop it , asshole !
you want to stop , asshole !
it seems fucking silly to have oyster on the clam .
-LRB- sighs -RRB- looks like a fool .
it looks like a fool , an oyster on .
oyster seems crazy about putting oyster at the clam .
stupid . is to give the oyster in the clam . is it ?
-LRB- sighing -RRB- looks like a fool . he 's oyster in a clam .
damn it , damn it , to give the clam of oyster , too .
that 's fucking stupid to put oyster on the clam
that 's a stupid thing to do with the oyster .
shit that seems silly to have an oyster
a little farther you 'll never leave the dark .
and if you keep going to leave the darkness only enter the dark .
i 'm sure you 'll leave the dark only way into the dark .
and if you keep going , the darkness , you will , you go into the dark .
if you keep going , you will leave , in the dark , to enter the darkness , dark , dark , dark , only , in the dark .
if you keep going , the dark , it , just be in the dark .
if you continue to leave this darkness , in the dark , i 'll be dark .
well , if you keep going out the dark only to enter the dark
of course , if you keep going out of course , i will come into the darkness .
really ... . . if you keep going , wo n't i leave the dark only to enter the dark darkness .
kalizkan is the only a wizard he knows .
kalia 's the 's the only wizard , `` he knew .
kalizkan is the only wizard he knew .
it 's just a wizard he knows .
kalizkan is just a wizard he knew .
kalizkan is the wizard he knew
kalizans are the only wizard he knows
kalizkan is the wizard he knew
kalizkan 's the only wizard he knew .
's kalizkan `` is the only wizard he knows
` who is he ? ` he asked .
who is he ? `` jack asked .
who is he ? `` jack asked .
who is he ? `` jack asked , said .
who is he ? `` ? `` ?
` do you have to ? ` jack asked .
` who is he ? ` jack asked .
` where did he come from ? ` jack asked .
well , jack ? `` jack asked to .
`` who is he ? '' jack asked .
let 's go out . to the air .
it 's off the air
we are not in the air now .
we ca n't get air .
air 's off air .
oh , air 's off .
it 's going out of air
we are out , air .
now we ca n't get air .
we just get out of air .
yeah , this one 's beautiful , blence .
that 's a beautiful blentin
i 'm just a beautiful blentin .
it 's a beautiful blence .
what a beautiful blence .
`` it 's a beautiful blentin for you . ``
that 's really a nice blentin .
that 's a beautiful blentin .
well , that 's a beautiful blence .
a nice thing about . . .
think about that box .
just think about that box .
thinking ... about the box .
just think . to a box
you 'll just think about that box . .
from a box .
you 're thinking about the box .
thinking a box ,
thinking about the box .
and think about the box .
that 's obviously not hungry today .
of course , well , none of them will be hungry .
it seems to me that he 's not starving .
they seem to be not hungry today .
seems to be not hungry tonight
it looks like she 's not starving today
`` such thing appears to be not hungry today .
`` it seems , there 's no hunger tonight .
he ... seem to be not hungry tonight ... ``
looks like he 's not hungry tonight .
no proof kwak proves that he murder .
no such evidence prove his killing of kwak .
there is no evidence that he killed kwak .
no evidence is that he killed kwak 's , there he was .
and there is no evidence that he murdered kwak
no evidence not to prove he 's killed by kwak
there is no evidence that he murdered kwak . .
it 's not even evidence to prove he killed kwak
there is no evidence that he killed kwak .
there is no evidence that he killed kwak
you 'll really be fun .
sure ca n't be fun .
funny about sure .
i bet you a lot fun .
yeah , good fun . enjoy .
so much fun here .
it was a lot of fun .
it 's a lot of fun .
cos it 's really funny
a very funny thing going .
- did n't the leader .
he did n't have a leader .
the leader did not yet .
no more leader found .
he 's had no leader ...
he had no leader .
two leaders were out .
there have been no leader
there has been no leader .
there was no leader .
it 's a terrible day .
it 's a terrible day ...
it must be a terrible day .
it 's a terrible day . ``
it 's a terrible day .
must have been a terrible day
the last terrible days were terrible ...
it was a terrible day .
we have a terrible day . ``
it 's a terrible day . ``
oh , stop that talking like a jerk .
come , stop talking like a fool .
you 'll stop talking like a fool .
stop talking like a fool , to hell did .
` stupid man ! ` said the asshole .
stop talking like a jerk
come on , stop talking like a jerk
come , stop talking like a fool . ``
stop , listen up .
stop talking like a fool , there you got to .
inspector , he does n't have a frat the street .
and inspector , inspector , there 's no frat on the street .
no frat i know that the street .
the next i have nothing to do to the street
inspector , no frat 's not here .
the street league has no fri seen .
inspector , the street 's no frat on the street .
inspector , the street will be out of this street .
in the street , inspector . inspector . not you know anything , inspector
inspector , inspector . inspector . there 's not a .
fist ! seen him , flinching .
the tall fist saw him , flinched away , there , there , there , to him .
the tall fist saw him and he ran away .
the fist had seen , flinched .
`` did the tall fist , flinched away .
`` the tall fist saw him , flinched .
his fist saw him , flinched fingers .
a tall fist and flinched .
`` the tall fist saw him , there was a tear .
tall fists saw him and ran away .
well , do you wan na get really upset ?
and is it never your real anger ?
`` you never wan na get mad ? '' ?
is it really not really upset you 're not ?
does n't that mean you never wan na be upset ?
hey , would you be upset about that ?
yeah . would you never be upset ?
you wan na get really upset ?
wan na get really upset ?
have n't you ever wan na be angry ?
his eyes have n't flinched .
his eyes were flinched , had been slightly .
he only had a little flinched eyes .
his eyes were twitching .
his eye curled slightly in his eyes .
there he ... his eyes ...
he 's just a little fliness in his eyes .
the eye 's have a little flinched .
his eye was kind of flinched .
his eyes flinched , but it was slightly large .
i do n't swallowing his medication .
no medication 's not swallowing .
do n't swallowing his medication ?
stop swallowing his medication .
swallowing medicine .
do n't swallowing his medication .
ca n't he swallow ?
no swallowing his medication .
and not he swallowes his medication .
i never swallowing his medication .
you know , that you do n't need to wear dust on your clothing , to wear .
is nothing out there ?
no gunpowder use clothes .
the one thing is the dust on your clothing ...
dust does n't need to be carried out in your clothing
no `` on your clothes '' necessary to be
no one in your clothes is no matter what the dust .
no need to wear dust . . .
no need for the powder here . in your clothing . .
there 's no need to wear dust in your clothes .
only a suicide case is that mayan 's record will break .
this just just means suicide trying to break mayan 's record .
it ai n't just suicide trying to break mayan 's record
that 's not a suicide attempt to break mayan 's record .
no . it 's just suicide trying to break mayan 's record .
-LRB- singing that mayan attempt to break mayan 's record .
it 's just a suicide attempt to break mayan 's record .
only suicide attempt to break mayan 's record .
but it 's just suicide trying to try to break mayan records .
well , it 's going to be suicide to try to break mayan 's record .
that 's what she does n't like me anymore ? !
`` look . `` she did n't like me anymore .
look ... do n't love me anymore .
`` such point is that he does n't like me anymore .
look . it 's just ... she does n't love me anymore .
look . there he was .
one one . not in love with me anymore .
my point man does n't love me anymore .
point is the point he does n't like me anymore .
... that 's ... . . she does n't like me anymore .
i might be drinking , all right ?
i might as well drink . to
if you know , i have to drink .
i ca n't drink .
if i could ... get me .
i might as well drink .
i might as well drink .
that 's what i could drink
i can have a drink .
i might be drinking .
has he chosen it ?
he 's willing to ?
did he choose it ?
has he selected it ?
does he choose it ?
does he choose it ?
did he choose it ?
is that what he chose ?
is he on the choice ? ``
did he choose it ?
did you watch out ?
watch it out there ?
were you out there and looking out ?
is it you watching out ?
did you watch out ?
you watch it out there ?
did you look ?
are you looking out ?
hey , do you watch out ?
were you looking out ?
even your fate wo n't be like that .
your fate things do n't exist .
your fate things do n't exist .
your fate does n't exist .
your fate wo n't be like that .
fate 's not like that .
it 's not just your fate .
your fate ... does n't mean your fate ... and this
your fate things do n't exist .
is your fate like that way ?
radio shit will suck .
that radio is disgusting .
and it 's fucking radio
the radio 's disgusting .
radio 's gon na suck .
the radio is disgusting .
radio is disgusting .
`` the radio 's bullshit . ''
your radio suck
radio shit coming
then what hurts ?
and pain too ?
`` so what does it hurt ? ''
well , what is pain ?
what 's gon na hurt ?
what 's gon na hurt ?
so what hurts ?
something that hurts ?
and what hurts ?
then what hurts ?
we have a report on gino , who has been reported .
the gino report is report has been reported to carlos
there was a report of gino at serena 's .
the new report was made of gino with maurice .
`` because of los angeles , the report was made to gino .
reporting and carlos 's in gino .
as she was reporting , she was bound for gino .
gino has been reported in the message
the report was written a report to gino , been recorded
the report comes up gino with maurice .
install the light switch to work stations easily available near the door
installation of light switch to work station at an easily accessible location near the door
install light switch to work stations , near the very very very very easily , near the door . -
installation to the light switch to a working station at an easy to access door
install the light switch to work stations easily available at the door ?
you 're installing the light switch to work stations easily available to the door .
setup button one of the doors to work stations at an easily .
install light switch to work stations at an easy to access the door .
install the light switch to work stations easily available near the door
install the light switch to work stations easily available near the door
not that i cared for christmas , man .
i care , no christmas .
i don ' t want to see christmas .
i 'm not here for christmas .
not been interested in christmas !
i don ' t care about christmas .
i 'm not interested in christmas .
no christmas and nothing .
i don ' t care about christmas .
it 's not , no christmas ...
would you mind giving me some tips ?
ca n't you get some tips ?
you got some tips ?
did you get some tips ?
can i get some tips ?
can you get some tips ?
ca n't you give me some tips ?
can i get some tips ?
can i get some tips ?
can i get some tips ?
she could smile at her , which might have been mysterious , sometimes ...
who she was smiling , which she might be mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious sometimes mysterious ?
what a smile she smiling was smiling might be mysterious sometimes .
she was also smiling , which might have been mysterious sometimes ,
as she was smiling , which might have been mysterious at times .
okay , that 's a little to smile that might be mysterious sometimes .
that 's too bad she was a little mysterious .
what she could also smile at times , which might be .
that 's how she was smiling , which she might be mysterious sometimes mysterious .
that 's how she was smiling , which she might be mysterious sometimes mysterious .
so i 'm told me looking for wolf where his prey is found
`` you told me to find wolf where his prey is found
it 's said i 'm looking for wolf where his prey is found .
the wolf is saying i 'm looking for a wolf where his prey is found .
he says i 'm gon na find wolf where his prey is found .
you told me to find the wolf where he could find .

you told me i need to find wolf where his prey is .
you did you tell you to find the wolf where he could find .
you told me and found a wolf where his prey is found .
and prof. kang , who 's a coroner .
that 's kang , the coroner .
and prof. kang ... the coroner .
prof. , who was a coroner .
prof. kang , who was a coroner .
prof. kang , this is coroner .
the prof. kang who ... the coroner , he would be .
and prof. kang , you .
and prof. kang was the coroner .
who 's the coroner ?
someone 's going to me killed .
they sound like someone 's gon na kill someone . ``
`` someone killing , looks like someone 's killing you . ``
it looks like someone 's killing someone . ``
it does sound like someone killed .
well , someone murder 's
it does sound like ... someone killed someone .
`` looks like someone 's gon na kill you .
`` well , it looks like someone 's going to kill .
it looks like someone 's killing you .
i never got completed setting up your internet connection .
no internet connection has failed to configure windows setup .
setting up windows setup is unable to complete the internet connection .
windows . setup was no longer completed your internet connection .
no internet connection with windows setup
windows setup has no connection to the internet .
windows settings has not been completed in the internet .
the windows could not be completed in the internet connection with the internet setup .
the windows did not finish the internet connection .
windows do not finish your internet connection .
nobody in this place could be saved .
in this point , can you save nobody . nobody .
no one else can be saved
i guess nobody 's gon na save anyone
nobody 's going to save this place .
no one and that seat is a rescue .
in that point of view that nobody .
nobody 's gon na save anyone in this place
nobody else got ta save this place . no .
nobody in this place is able to save .
i could be the victims of the demons .
the vanessa may have fallen victims of demons .
he could have fallen victims too .
vanessa managed to fall victims of demons too .
vanessa could have fallen victims of demons .
the vanessa may have fallen victims of demons .
even with vanessa , demon victim could be taken .
who 's going on with vanessa too ?
the vanessa may have fallen victims of demons .
the vanessa 's fallen victims also too .
what kind of guard did you have ?
now what 's wrong with your guard ?
how much does your watch been bad ?
how much has it have to the guard ?
how bad is going to be on guard ?
your strike at the guard . how bad did you go ?
how many times does your watch your watch ?
your killer was bad ?
what a bad shot at your guard ?
so bad , huh ?
two people are faced serious charges to steal from their company ...
she faces serious charges to steal from his company ...
`` she faced serious charges for stealing from her company . ``
two people are seriously charged with stealing from their company .
he faces serious charges to steal from his company
facing serious charges for stealing from her company
the big criminal charges were necessary to steal from her company ...
that was a serious charge to steal from her company ,
they face serious charges for stealing from your company . .
she faces serious charges to steal from her company . to
i have english , science , chemical books .
i have english , science , chemical books .
i have english , science , chemical books ...
i 've been english . i did n't know . . . . . . .
and i have english , science , and chemical books will be fine
i can speak english , science , chemical books
english science and chemical books not , that 's all .
i have english , science , chemical books .
i have english , science , chemical books .

somewhere , steepest slope ...
somewhere in the steepest slope the infinite rope ...
on the steepest slope , with infinite rope .
somewhere on the steepest slope ... ... of an infinite rope .
and somewhere in steepest slope ,
somewhere on steepest slope infinite rope
there are infinite rope somewhere on the steepest slope
somewhere a slope of the steepest slope ...
somewhere steepest , maybe infinite rope ...
there 's an infinite rope in the steepest slope .
your claim is a foreign army on sovereign soil .
the foreign soldiers on the sovereign soil in france .
you 've been invited to the sovereign land of france .
he 's called foreign soldiers to sovereign france .
in france 's sovereign soil ?
you have come , you asked , you were you were you asked to land and to the land of france ?
you invited foreign troops to the sovereign land of france .
your foreign army officer took a sovereign land of france .
your army was called foreign troops to the sovereign france .
you 've been invited to the sovereign land of france .
however , no solar system was no moon or planets without a solar system , that there was a huge , feral creature .
however , neither solar system nor planet moons had any huge , feral creatures like this .
where solar system , i did n't have a moons or planets , such a huge , feral monster .
none of the solar system , no moons or planets , that this huge , feral creature existed .
according to the solar system , no moon or planets , this giant feral creature has existed .
no solar systems found any moons or planets , no such huge , feral creature .
no location in solar systems ... . . . does it ... in moons or planets that this giant , like , feral monster .
none of the solar system in the solar system , neither moon which planets has done such a huge , feral creature .
none of the solar system in the solar system , no one of the planets has done such a huge , feral creature .
none of the solar system in no moons or planets . one such huge , like , such a huge feral creature
it 's going to kill himself . . .
`` to kill yourself , everyone else killed .
everybody just wants to kill themselves .
everyone kills on their own .
they 'll all be killed .
they 'll all be and kill everyone
let 's kill everyone .
everyone 's gon na kill themselves and that 's all .
let 's kill everyone .
he 's going to kill himself .
internet media also allowed for internet media .
yeah , you know how to make digital media .
is it possible to run digital media ?
this can help digital media available .
it allows for a digital media .
enable digital media from internet
allows the internet media
internet helps with a digital media .
internet media from network service , internet media .
are there any internet media options ?
you are mine this afternoon .
you are not mine this afternoon ...
you do n't belong to me this afternoon .
well , you are mine this afternoon .
`` you are mine this afternoon . ''
you are mine , afternoon
you 'll be mine this afternoon .
you are mine in the afternoon .
this afternoon is mine .
be mine just in the afternoon ...
oh , what do you mean , you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
do you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ? no .
do you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
guys
is strah 's cell phone so loaded ?
did you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
say , do you want to put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
do you wan na set up a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
`` yeah , thinking you 'd put on strah on strah 's mobile phone ?
do you wan na put a locator on strah 's mobile phone ?
you 'd like breakfast ?
what to do breakfast ?
shall i get breakfast ?
oh , shall we give me breakfast ?
come on , bring me breakfast ?
hey , shall i get breakfast ?
shall we bring me breakfast ?
or bring me breakfast ?
shall i have breakfast here ?
i 'm supposed to have breakfast ?
the fact that you 're gon na leave tomorrow .
it 's true ... you 're going to edo tomorrow .
it 's my guess that you will leave ... to edo tomorrow
i suppose you 're gon na leave tomorrow , edo .
it seems to me that you will leave for edo alone tomorrow .
it 's my guess you 're gon na leave for edo tomorrow ...
that 's my guess you 're gon na leave tomorrow for edo .
you think you 're gon na leave tomorrow .
looks like tomorrow 's going to edo it tomorrow .
you know , that you will leave tomorrow you tomorrow .
the thought of her fear makes trisha feel guilty and frightened .
trisha 's thought . trisha felt guilty and frightened .
terrified trisha felt guilty and frightened
the thought of her fear , made trisha feel guilty , and feared .
thinking about her fear is a sense of fear , and fear .
the thought of her fear was so trisha felt guilty and frightened .
trisha 's afraid trisha had felt guilty and frightened .
trisha 's fear thinking made trisha feel guilty and frightened .
she was afraid of her fear and frightened trisha 's guilt .
the thought of her fear was trisha 's guilt and fear .
5,000 , `` 50 '' ?
the 5,000 's gon na get me 50 .
it 's 50 grand . 5,000 's 50 .
5,000 is ... 50 ...
5,000 is going to be 50 , and 50 , okay ?
i guess $ 50 grand for me .
5,000 bucks is 50 .
the $ 5,000 got me in 50 .
the 5,000 's gon na get me 50 .
5,000 's going to get me 50 .
that 's ... no time for sex .
`` no time for sex , no time .
there 's no time ... . now ... for sex , no ...
it 's no longer thinking about sex , but sex and sex . ``
there are no longer times for sex .
now today , it 's no time for sex .
if you do n't think about sex , that 's no sex .
this is no time for sex ...
that 's what time for sex .
it 's no good when he thinks about sex .
sex competition does n't belong to .
it does n't belong to sex , it 's a competition .
that sex does n't belong to compete .
that 's not a sex contest .
and sex 's not a competition at all .
neither sex in competition
we do n't belong in a competition .
your sex is n't a competition .
sex , in no way , it 's no competition .
sex part is n't a competition .
had you not heard the order of his majesty ?
and you have n't heard his majesty 's orders come ?
you heard the order of his majesty ?
has n't heard his majesty order of the order ?
had you not heard the order of his majesty ?
d'you have no idea his majesty 's orders ?
have you not heard his majesty order ?
he has n't heard the order of order ?
do you not have n't hear his majesty 's majesty ?
has your majesty 's order been heard ?
do you want to lick him ?
you do n't want to him ?
hey i 'm licking about that ?
do you want to lick him ?
do you want to lick him ?
shall i lick him with you , sir ?
please , you want to lick him ?
listen , do you ?
i want to lick that ?
hey , you to lick that ?
what is with that mood ? in all this ?
`` so what is it ? with all that greed ?
what is all this aspiration ? !
what is this way ? what about all this amateur ?
what 'd you do here for ?
now what do you have in all this amateur ?
what amateur thing do you have ?
what about all that of all the amateur ?
what is it going on here ?
how is it with all that has gone ?
we do n't tell people about our plans .
we ca n't tell people about our plans .
oh , our plan is to tell people .
our plan is not to people .
no one will tell anyone .
our plan 's not up to people .
our plan wo n't tell people .
our plan wo n't tell people .
our plan does n't tell people .
our best plan does n't tell people .
it was going to be a new experience to see a game or a game or anything like this .
it was an entire new experience for me seeing a game or a game or something .
it 's just a new experiences are to see a game or a game or something like that .
it 's a whole new experience for me , i see a game or a game .
it was a new experience for me for me , that i see the game or the game .
it was a new experience for me to see the game or the game .
the new experience is seeing a game or seen or a game or a match .
it was an entire new experience for me seeing a game or a game or something .
all my new experience seeing a new or matches is going to happen to do .
the experience is new for me to see a game or a game or something like this is .
which only protects against you ?
who are you defending ?
the people who defend themselves
did who ? defending against whom ?
who 's defending you ? no .
you who are defending against ? no .
and who 's defending you ?
who 's defending you ?
who 's defending you ? no .
to who 's defending against ?
all of them are screaming ...
so everybody was screaming .
there 's also screams .
so all the screams cried .
and they all scream .
every man is screaming . ``
everybody screams then .
people scream .
people scream all the time .
they 're all screaming .
the empire country does not use this kind of thoughts to justify the economy autonage .
the empire country can use such a way to justify the economy
the empire country uses this kind of thinking to justify the economy 's greed .
well
the country of the empire can use such a way to justify the economy autonage .
in the case of an empire , which may be used to justify the economy hormone .
the israeli empire used this kind of thinking to justify the economy .
the empire -LRB- s -RRB- can use this kind of such a sort of thinking that would justify the economy .
uses this empire 's empire to justify economy that would justify .
the empire can use such a way to justify the economy aspisement .
of course i got up on security for the minister ' s visit .
everybody took care of my secretary 's visits .
everybody focused on the security of the minister .
i need everybody to focus on the minister ' s visit .
people all used to focus on security for the minister ' s visit . to
everybody ready to focus on security for the minister ' s visit . .
everybody pointed out .
i have to focus on security for the visit of secretary .
every man was required to focus on the security
everyone is focused on the safety of the minister ' s visit ...
come on , no problem , treating him as an opportunity for solutions .
do not see that this as problems are treated as an opportunity
it 's no problem treating him as a solution to solutions .
don : no way of treating him as a problem , as an opportunity to solve .
please ... like trouble ... treating him as an opportunity for solutions .
i don ' t look like trouble , treating him as a solution was an opportunity .
don ' t see this problem , uh ... to treat it as a solution
do not see that this as problems are treated as an opportunity
stop seeing that 's the problem , treating him as a solution was an opportunity .
you know , this is not a problem , treating him like solutions . .
is that all we 're the one who 's not laughing .
were we just those who are n't laughing
we are the only ones who are n't think it 's funny .
`` we are the one who does n't think it 's funny .
let 's be the only ones who do n't think it 's funny , they will .
we are the only ones who do n't think it 's funny .
we are the only ones who are n't think it 's funny .
and the one who thinks it 's funny and ...
let 's be the only one who thinks it 's funny
are being the only ones who are n't think it 's funny .
do you want to be friends ?
you want to be friends ?
mr. vanish was a friend ?
are you and you want to be friends ?
`` friends ? `` did you want to be friends .
wan 's going to be friends ?
hey . wan na be friends ?
you want to friends ?
any of you ? .
anyone wants a friend ?
where 'd you go ?
what about that bastard ?
where were you , asshole ?
where is the bellies ?
what asshole is he from ?
stupid ! what about that bellies ?
what if you , asshole ?
asshole ! where 's the bellies ?
asshole , where are you doing that ?
oh , asshole , where is that bellies ?
that you ca n't answer 300 mg thorazine ?
that you ca n't answer 300 mg thorazine ?
okay . there you were , uh , three hundred mg thorazine ?
how ca n't you answer three hundred mg thorazine ? to no .
if you do n't respond to 300 mg thorazine , it 's impossible to answer
how about three hundred mg thorazine 's failure ?
making 300 mg of thorazine no longer could be answered .
are n't get three hundred mg thorazine ?
so how can you get three hundred mg thorazine ? - are impossible ?
can you not respond to 300 mg thorazine ?
sabate killed the bandits , did n't you ?
sabate 's killing the bandits , right ?
sabate kills the bandits .
sabate was murdered by bandits .
the sabats will kill the bandits .
sabat kills with bandits
sabat 's gon na kill the bandits .
he kills the sabate . to
`` the sabate man killed the bandits .
sabat 's murder .
we know . everybody know .
everybody here knows it .
everybody , everybody knows .
everybody knows it .
oh . everybody knows .
everybody knows it .
everybody knows it .
everybody here knows it .
everybody , everybody knows .
everybody knows it .
and you 're not afraid of death .
you 're not afraid of dying . no .
you 're worried about death .
you 're not worried about dying .
you ' re not afraid of dying .
you 're not afraid of dying anymore .
well , you 're not afraid of dying anymore .
he 's not afraid of dying .
people are not afraid .
`` you no longer fear dying .
it was going to be weird .
most things were getting weird around here
it 's a little weird and it 's a little weird .
these things get a little weird around here .
in this area , the situation was getting weird
the things were getting weird around here .
it happened to me a little weird around here .
it 's gon na get weird .
just things are getting weird .
these things must be weird around here
well , it 's never even selling newspapers .
they were never sell the paper .
well , they did n't sell the newspaper .
no selling paper was never .
their newspapers have never been sold .
they 've never sold a newspaper
not even did they sell the newspaper , and they did n't sell the paper .
they did n't sell the newspaper , that was .
they did n't sell the newspaper .
they did n't sell the newspaper .
the bastard is back !
the bastard is on his back .
he 's a bastard .
motherfuckers coming . in , man .
the bastard is . to
the bastards are coming back .
i know that bastard 's back .
he 's fucking back !
son of a bitch .
the bastard is coming back .
i 'm not gon na love your little girls .
you 're not gon na love hard girls ...
you 're not in love with hard girls
you hate hard girls .
`` it 's just a hard girl . ``
you hate the hard girls . .
you 're not a tough girls ...
it 's not like hard girls .
no one is , no hard girls .
you 're not fond of girls .
wan na make all of your luck seven , huh ?
why do n't you get all the seven ?
you guys wan na make a whole lucky seven lucky ?
come on , did you make all the luck seven ?
would you like to make all the lucky seven ?
will you come ?
are you gon na make a lucky seven ?
would you like all the whole luck seven ?
were you gon na make all the luck seven ?
you wan na make all the whole luck seven , are you ?
at the moment , burton depended on waking the others at the right moment .
the burton times depended on him to wake the others at the right time .
the burton depended on him to wake up the others .
burton relied himself to wake up the others at the right time .
burton 's depended on him to wake others at the right time .
the burton depended upon him to wake up at the right time .
there was burton 's depended on him to others at the right time .
burton was right after him , waking the others , to wake the others .
burton depended on him and woke up at the right time .
burton depended on him and woke up at the right time .
we do n't have a coffee .
coffee has been percolated is ...
we 'll have coffee . to
the coffee on the ground
we do n't have a coffee .
yeah , coffee 's been percosted .
it 's percoated with coffee .
we have a hot coffee ...
that 's a hot coffee .
we were in the coffee .
also , a nice shotgun exists .
yeah , it 's not a nice shotgun .
there 's a nice shotgun .
is he nice too ?
this is a nice shotgun .
there 's a nice shotgun .
a nice shotgun too .
in the gun is a nice shotgun .
it 's a nice shotgun .
a nice shotgun is coming too .
that 's the best film i 've ever seen - good film .
that 's the best film i 've ever seen .
`` here 's the best film i 've ever seen . ''
i did n't see the best movie .
it 's the best film i 've ever seen .
you never know that 's the best film i 've ever seen .
movies were the best i ever saw .
it 's the best film i 've ever seen
the best film of all . i 've ever seen
`` i 've never seen a movie , there , there was a better film .
chance is to send it ... to the real killer
we 're sending a real killer
one , it seems to have been sent by a real killer .
that 's one chance , that 's been sent him ...
it could be that real killer sent
one chance to send the real killer ,
one possible option is for the real killer .
i have a possibility the real killer sent him .
such a possibility is that the real killer has been sent .
such a possibility is that the real killer has been sent .
and be afraid i 'm gon na be upset .
i 'm afraid of is going to upset me .
i get angry with fear .
he 's afraid and i 'm upset .
`` get off me because of fear .
of course i 'm angry
the fear is my anger .
and being afraid is why i 'm upset .
and i 'm afraid i 'm upset . ``
to be afraid of fear .
i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given my deputies .

i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given me .
i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given me . ``
great . i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given me . . .
no , i wo n't ...
seeing me getting the same deferential treatment you 've given me


i see that i will have the same deferential treatment you have given my deputies .
there 's a serenity in the loss , a divine calm .
although the loss is a serenity . if it 's a divine peace .
but the loss was a serenity , a divine calm for god .
the loss 's in serenormity .
the great god peace is a loss .
the loss is a serenity , and a divine calm .
when the loss is a serenity , god peace have it .
this loss is a serenity , a calm in heaven .
he 's a serenity in this loss , but god 's calm .
losing it , it 's a serenormity , a divine calm .
baseball is the first league , i guess .
baseball is the first league do n't think about it .
baseball is first league , thinking about how i guess .
the first league of baseball thought how i thought .
the first league is thinking about how i 'm thinking .
the first league of baseball was thinking about how i thought .
baseball is the first league , it 's my idea .
baseball is the first league ... as i think .
there is a league for baseball league thinking
baseball , first , baseball thought how to me .
buying forecasts exist ,
any forecasts of the purchase plan ?
the purchase of forecase-by-case was planned ?
buying forecasts exists ?
you thought there 's a chance of ?
anybody got a was a forecasts ?
`` the purchase foreseeable to be ? ``
who buys forecoming forecase-by-case ?
does n't it exist ?
so far
i did n't eat .
nah , i-i do n't want to eat .
no , not for hunger .
i did n't eat .
no , no . i do n't want to be hungry .
no . i do n't want to be hungry .
i don ' t eat .
but i do n't want to be hungry .
no , you did n't make me hungry .
no . i do n't want to be hungry .
you 're involved , mrs nehru ?
you too , mrs nehru ?
are you involved , mrs nehru ? yeah .
do you been involved , mrs nehru ?
am i also part of way , mrs nehru ?
is it too , mrs nehru ?
were you involved , mrs nehru ?
is it you , mrs nehru ?
it 's your part , mrs nehru ?
you have a part , mrs nehru ?
something else that 's miscarriage ?
... another miscarriage ?
there are other miscarriages to justice to
what about another miscarriage ?
more justice miscarriage ?
what about another miscarriage ?
what about another miscarriage of justice .
another miscarriage of justice ?
`` what about the next trial ?
what about another miscarriage ?
you mean , and all is mine ?
i 'm talking about everything mine ? ``
you mean , these things are mine ?
you 're talking about me ? to me ?
you 're talking about me ? to me ?
you do n't think this is mine ?
are n't they mine ?
you mean everything for me ?
` you mean ? ` was the whole thing mine ?
do you mean , uh , all mine ?
stop , you son of a bitch
come , stop it and be an asshole .
you should stop being an asshole .
` stupid bastard . `` was an asshole .
you ca n't ` snot , no .
stop it , asshole
come on , stop being an asshole
come , stop being an asshole . ``
shit , stop up .
stop it , there you went to dick .
dad smoked it up when my mom was pregnant .
dad was in smoke at the pregnancy of my mother .
after the pregnancy of course , dad was dad .
she smoked as soon as his mother was pregnant .
the father was on his smoke as my mother was pregnant .
when my mom was pregnant , she was smoking .
as my mom was pregnant , dad kept smoking .
when my mom was pregnant , dad was still smoking .
dad was smoking all the mother was pregnant .
dad was still smoking .
you are not the lucky man .
your luck is good .
are you lucky ?
you know , the man is lucky .
you are the lucky man .
you 've been lucky .
do you have any luck ? with the luck
you are the lucky guy with luck
you are the man with luck .
the man was lucky .
oh , i can not stop .
i can not stop !
i 'm not stopping .
i can not stop .
i 'm not stopping ?
i can not stop . to
it 's not stopping .
i can not stop ,
i can not stopping
i can not stop .
do you risk innocent lives
he threatens innocent people ?
have innocent people been risking innocent lives ?
take the innocent lives in danger .
i put innocent people in danger ?
why do n't you risk innocent lives ?
set innocent lives in risking
putting innocent lives in danger ?
life of putting innocent people in danger ?
life involved in danger
how crazy you are you ?
go crazy ! - how crazy .
yeah , it 's crazy .
how crazy you are you ?
what a fool you are !
if you 're crazy , the thing is .
how crazy does he go ?
he was crazy .
what if i 'm crazy ?
and what a fool .
because he 's not wrote ?
`` why is n't his motive written ?
why does n't he write his motive ?
why did he not write his motive ?
for not writing his motive ?
`` why do n't you write his motive ? ''
why do you have motive ? to what ?
what about his motive ? . ?
why did n't he write his motive ?
so i never wrote his motive ...
malacandra to fear , except oyarsa .
no one else feared .
malacandra malacandra did n't even fear anything but oyarsa had .
and nothing 's going to happen to be afraid of malacandra except oyarsa .
malacandra feared anything to fear , except oyarsa .
then nothing remained to fear in malacandra except oyarsa .
no one else feared malacandra , except oyarsa .
malacandra feared malacandra except oyarsa .
but malacandra did not worried about anything but oyarsa .
malacandra did n't even worry about malacan .
i guess it 's too late .
make sure you 're not late .
make sure it 's not gon na be late .
that 's okay . make sure you 're not late .
make sure you 're not late .
do n't be late .
just make sure you 're not gon na be late .
make sure it 's not gon na be late .
make sure you 're not late
just make sure you 're not late .
pain birth has caused by anger .
pain , anger born , born , born , born , born , born , born , born , born , born , born with anger . born .
`` pain caused anger away .
pain did not cause anger .
pain was a anger .
and then there was anger in pain .
pain was caused anger .
pain was caused anger .
pain was born . rage .
so did pain was born of anger .
`` you have barrenger , there are molesting little girls .
you know , you just have barrenger molesting little girls .
the little lady barrenger molemite , you know ?
you have barrenger and molemster and cumound little girls
the barrenger was making little girls
you had barrenger molesting little girls .
you 're making barrenger molesting girls
your barrenger was molesting girl .
`` you have barrenger molesting little girls .
you got barrenger molesting little girls .
bring the girl to the house at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you bring the girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening , and you 're at home .
this is a girl at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you bring a girl home at 9 o'clock .
well , you bring to the girls ' house at 9 : 00 in the evening
you 'll bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you 're going to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you 're going to bring a girl home at 9 : 00 in the evening .
you bring the girls to the house at 9 : 00 in the evening .
when i was young , the war .
then i went into war with youth .
i was young . i led a war when i was young .
i was a war in my youth
`` take the war of my youth .
in my youth , i led the war .
and in my youth , i led the war .
even in my youth , i led the war .
to be young , i fought a war .
i was young ... . . . i went to war .
you were so smart about it .
how smart you are .
yeah , it 's so smart .
how smart do you think ?
what a clever thing you 're ?
how smart is it ?
i guess you 're smart .
you were so smart .
what if i 'm smart ?
and what a clever thing .
you remove the mask so that it could be removed forever .
remove the mask , you remove it forever , and remove it forever .
will remove the mask forever
eliminating the mask for permanent removal .
delock wiped out the mask and removed it forever .
i removed the mask for permanent removal .
remove the mask , eliminating it forever .
forever away , remove the mask , and then remove it .
removal mask means he will be removed forever .
you remove the mask for permanent removal .
and if i chose , it would be merlin with me .
if i chose , i , i guess , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i chose , i , i would have , i would have taken merlin with me .
obviously , if i chose , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i chose , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i had to . i would have taken merlin with me .
if i chose , i , i had , i would have taken merlin with me .
if i had chosen , let me take merlin .
i know , if i had to pick me up with merlin .
if i had chosen it , of course i would have taken merlin .
every friend wanted to have sex with virgins too ?
you said your friends were gon na have sex with virgins ?
your friend would have sex with virgins too ?
every friend does n't want to have sex with virgins ?
you were gon na have sex with virgins too ?
i suppose all your friends want sex with virgins too ?
your friends want to have sex with virgins too ?
you also were interested in having sex with virgins ?
all your friends want to have sex with virgins ,
you also had sex with virgins for sex ?
then the kind of strong and high-energy kind of stone is .
well let 's play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
what we 're doing is to play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
the fact that we do was play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
all we do is doing are play a very powerful and high-energy kind of stone .
no , but we play very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
what we 're doing is playing a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone , i suppose .
so maybe we wo n't play a very powerful , high-energy kind of stone .
yeah , we 're doing , it , it 's just a very strong , high-energy kind of stone .
we play really play very powerful , high-energy kind of stone . ``
i guess your mom likes it .
you 'll like your mom .
`` yeah , your mom will love it , there was nothing .
you 'll really love your mom
if your mom likes it , you know ?
mom 's not gon na like this !
do n't love your mom .
it 's gon na love your mom .
you 'll like your mom .
and your mom likes it .
the entire area full area evacuated them .
the entire areas are evacuated ... . . that 's gone away .
the region will be evacuated .
in the entire area , which are , disappear , are away .
they 're evacuating all over the area .
they 're evacuating all over the area .
the entire , entire areas are evacuated .
there 's an evacuated area .
everything evacuating ... all over .
one more zone will be evacuated .
what you 're not listening !
no one 's listening to you !
is that not listening ? no .
you 're not listening !
ca n't listen !
oh , my god !
you 're not listening !
did you hear me ?
you 're not listening !
you 're not listening !
look how weird !
how bizarre . that 's what 's going on .
yeah , it 's weird .
how bizarre . that 's what 's going on .
what a bizarre thing he 's talking about !
as it 's weird , the thing is !
how bizarre . that 's what 's going on .
he was weird .
what if i 'm weird ?
and what a bizarre thing !
he does n't have anything in the machine .
there 's nothing in the machine .
none of the machine is available .
and , well , nothing comes out of the machine .
that 's no machine .
um ... nothing is inside the machine .
is n't anything here .
your machine belongs to nothing .
i ca n't see anything in the machine .
nothing to the machine .
that 's not listening .
they are no more listening .
they just didn ' ai n't listening .
they do n't listen .
they just ca n't listen .
they do n't listen .
`` because they do n't listen . ''
that 's no way to listen .
they do n't ... just listen .
they have no listening .
do n't let an ass-kicking with that ass flowing into a concrete .
and an ass-kicking 's gon na start with the butt that comes out of the concrete .
and ass-kicking will begin with an asshole flowing with a concrete .
`` come on the ass-kicking , get your butt flowing ,
`` ass-kicking , ` he began with a hot butt flowing with a concrete .
is there an ass-kicking start with your butt flowing on the concrete ?
the ass-kicking will begin with the butt that comes out of the concrete .
ass-kicking start , asshole .
so the ass-kicking would begin with a butt that poured a big deal .
and ass-kicking 's gon na start with a hot butt flowing with a concrete .
i know . did you hear a joke about the internet about a doctor and all the students ?
d'you know the joke that 's going online with a doctor and all students ?
you heard the joke that 's going online with a doctor , and every student .
have you heard a joke ? and i ` sgon hear about a doctor and a student doctors ?
have you heard a joke that 's going online with a doctor and all students ?
have you heard a joke about the doctor is going online and have a doctor and students ?
have you heard a joke that 's going online with a doctor and all students ?
`` have you heard a joke that 's going online with a doctor and all the students ? ``
did you hear a joke , with a doctor is going online , and all students ? .
listen , you heard a joke about a joke coming online , and all students are going to be here , right ?
she 's never to leave his mother alone .
she 'd never leave her mother alone .
a thing that she never did n't leave his mother alone
one of them that she never does is leave her mother alone .
nothing is wrong with her mother alone .
let her mother be left alone ...
one thing she 's gon na do , leaves her mother .
never let her mother be alone .
all the other things are left to her mother
one thing that she never takes away from her mother .
what an amazing feeling you have .
now that 's an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what a beautiful feeling of that .
that 's an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
what an amazing feeling .
the beautiful feeling emotions .
`` it 's an amazing feeling . ``
this is based on technical negotiations and can be able to assess the results of the test .
in the case of technical discussion also takes place , the technical interviews are carried out .
the selected technical negotiations based on how to assess results can be carried out .
technical negotiations are the way to assess the results of the test .
technical discussion methods are carried out of the assessment of the test results of the test .
the technical negotiations are on the way and can be assessed results .
technical negotiations take place as a result of the assessment of results .
technical is a way to assess results .
technical negotiations are consistent with the way to assess results of the test .
technical negotiations , which are how the way to assess results .
every single man is familiar with your various equipment .
everyone knows all your equipment .
everybody 's known to be different equipment .
everybody 's familiar , equipment .
he 's known about all your equipment .
everybody one knows your various equipment
everyone 's familiar with your equipment .
everyone knows your various devices .
are n't they all know your various equipment .
all the people know your equipment for different devices .
mostly it happens in a warm period .
mostly it happens in a warm period .
it mostly happens to be in warm period .
it happens in ...
that mostly happens in a warm periods .
it is largely going to be a warm periods of the warm .
is it , according to the time of warm time .
the result is largely happening in a warm period
it 's not in a warm period .
it is mostly hot for a period .
bears do n't have rascalms and do n't have rascal .
bears will not have rascal !
they do n't have a rascal fail .
the bears have no rascal .
i guess the bears do n't have a !
the bears did n't have a rascal !
no rascal and bears are not .
the bears are not even have rascally
the bear bears have no rascals
bears were not , rascal .
it 's all yours .
take all of your stuff .
your whole things ,
the whole thing .
`` your whole of everything of everything ,
everything 's on your side .
is this one out there .
oh , your stuff .
it 's all yours .
you 're on your own .
but we do n't have to be quiet .
and at least we'il give you this unpleasant silence .
and we could be quiet at least .
no , at least we could be quiet . . let 's get this uncomfortable silence .
at least the silence will be so uncomfortable .
so we got the awkward silence .
well , at least we'il be able to keep quiet .
at least we can be so much longer .
even if we could have that unpleasant silence .
at the end , we ca n't keep quiet .
and , when it comes , it ai n't gon na be difficult .
this is not difficult .
today i was tough .
that 'll be tough ...
that 'll be tough ...
`` that 'll be tough . ''
that 'll be tough , i guess .
that 'll be tough ,
how difficult it will be
it 's about . it 's difficult
visiting night you'il also makes me .
your visit is late at night .
and your late night visiting me .
and your late night visit is mine .
well , the following night does n't bother me .
your late night 's visiting .
`` and your late night comes to me
and that late night i 'm visiting you .
and your late night visit is mine .
and your late night visit is mine .
wait until half an hour to go , please .
now i 'll wait for half an hour to kill her
wait for half an hour to kill her .
wait until half an hour off , kill her , kill , then , in 30 minutes .
not to wait for half an hour to kill her .
wait 30 minutes until the end , kill .
well , wait 30 minutes until half an hour .
you know , you 'll be killed him , after 30 minutes .
you have to wait until half an hour .
stop waiting for half an hour to kill her .
but when tramps were talking , it , they felt the tendency for everyone else .
i guess it 's a tendency to talk about tramps today .
but i do n't talking like tramps are the tendency to talk about every dames . ``
looks like the tramps ' tendency for all those dames .
nevertheless
i guess it 's a tendency to talk about tramps today .
but talking like tramps are a tendency to be all the dames .
but it looks like tramps are today 's tendency for all the dames .
though they seem to be the tramps today ... all the tendency are all the dames .
but the tendency looks like a lot of the dames .
but these conditions too , the man 's smiles were always the pride .
however , there is always pride in the smile on the hellish conditions of their smiles .
the man still has their pride in the hell of a smile
but under the hellish conditions , i have always been proud of pride in the smile .
nevertheless
beneath the hellish circumstances were the pride on their smiles .
in these hellish terms , smiles were always made with pride .
even under the hellish conditions ... ... their smiles always ... ...
he 's always been proud of the hell of a smile .
it 's always been proud of the hell of a smile . they always smile .
one senses must be there , but damon 's drink hydrochloric acid
something 's going to an explanation , but damon 's essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
in fact , it 's got to be a witchy explanation for damon 's drink hydrochloric acid .
i have to explain this is a certain . but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
it has to explain to her , but damon 's essentially drinking hydrochloric acid
it has to be an explanation for this , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
the explanation of this and damon must be able to drink hydrochloric acid .
there must be a certain explanation for that damon is essentially drinking hydrochloric acid .
it must be an explanation for that explanation , but damon is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
surely damon has to explain that damon is that she is basically drinking hydrochloric acid .
you were supposed to make sure you did n't have any violence .
your sure thing was n't violent .
you should n't have been able to be any violence .
you should have made sure there was no violence .
you did n't have any violence .
you should have made sure there was no violence .
were of no violence ... ...
did you make sure you . to you to you ?
you were supposed to make sure you did n't have any violence .
you should have made sure there , not violent .
not a precise figure existed
well , accurate figure has been found .
that was n't an accurate figure .
we could n't find an accurate figure .
that was no accurate figure .
the accurate figure did n't exist .
there 's no accurate figure .
there really was no accurate figure .
without an accurate figure , i did n't know .
i did n't know . it was n't accurate .
so now , get some lunch ?
would you like to lunch again ?
so shall we return for lunch ?
is it time for lunch ?
we 're going to have lunch again ?
shall we return for lunch , then ?
for lunch , then ?
so for lunch is going to be back ?
`` then we should go back to lunch ? ''
so ... hey , for lunch ... we were able to go back ?
will dave be playing tonight ?
will you play dave tonight ?
- the dave will play tonight ?
dave 's got to play tonight is going to play
will dave be playing tonight ?
we 'll play dave tonight ?
that 's what dave 's gon na play tonight ?
we 'll play dave tonight ?
i 'll play with dave tonight .
we 'll play dave tonight ?
hey , luck man .
hey , get lucky for you .
good luck for you .
good luck for you . ``
good luck with that .
good luck for you .
good luck . .
good , really lucky you .
all of your luck !
good luck with that .
then we have to confess that i 'm happy to work with you both .
i also have to admit that you were happy to work with you both .
what i have to admit is that you were happy to work with you
it 's just that i have to admit that you were happy to work with both of you .
so what i have to admit , the two of you were happy to work with you .
i guess what i had to admit that you were happy to work with you both .
of course , i have to confess that you were delighted to work with you both .
i guess what i had to admit that you were happy to work with you both .
it 's just like a pleasure to confess that you both have to you .
i have to admit , i have been delighted to work with you both .
are the drains i hope ?
well ... . is n't drains hoping ?
so i hope not to drains ?
well , i hope not to drains ?
may i hope not , drains ?
not the drains is hoping ?
i did n't hope for drains .
no , that 's up to my ?
no , we hope it up drains ?
no drains , hopefully nothing ?
i 'd expect a fast rising toll .
otherwise awaits a fast rising toll .
in any case , i expect a fast rising toll .
i expect a fast rising toll would be expected .
otherwise , you expect a fast rising toll .
or else , expect a fast rising toll
otherwise , that 's a fast rising toll
otherwise owe us a quick rising toll .
otherwise we expect a fast rising toll .
do n't even expecting a fast rising toll .
`` the bank thinks it 's too risky ,
bank thinks it 's too risky .
they think the bank is too risky .
the bank thinks , he 's too risky , too risky .
well , i was n't sure the bank thought she was too risky .
there 's too much risk in the bank .
that bank thinks it 's too risky and it 's ...
it 's just a bank thinking it ...
the bank thinks it 's too risky .
bank thinks it 's too risky to
an apology for sending him out of here , examiner .
an apology for sending him out , the examiner .
`` to send out of him , examiner , to apologize .
an apology for sending him out was examiner .
there was an apology for sending him . to examiner .
`` an apology to be sent , examiner .
i 'll send you an apology . examiner .
there 's an apology out of him , examiner .
i 'm sorry to send you out , examiner .
does anyone have to apologize , my apology , my examiner ?
so whole family will be in trouble ?
well
so let 's get our whole family into trouble .
you gon na have trouble throwing our whole family ?
you 're gon na have trouble throwing problem all the family , right ?
it 's the one who 's gon na ruin our whole family ?
the fact that of our whole family has problems ?
the family wo n't be in our whole ?
there will be problems to fall our whole families
we 'll have trouble throwing our whole family ?
something else can be hidden in that passageway ?
sounds something is hiding in that passageway ?
i mean , what 's hiding in that passageway ?
something 's waiting in that passageway ?
something kinda one is it ?
your mind is hiding something in that passageway ...
something like that passageway moved ?
something lurched in the corridor , please ?
a man 's hiding something ?
something hang in that direction in the passageway ?
the mysterious figure , and built by the mysterious figure , built a secret system of secrets system .
the mysterious figure she made has been made up to build system .
the mysterious figure was that she had built a hidden system .
the mysterious figure was made of her , and she built a hidden system .
the mysterious figure she made it , have built a secret system .
she has a secret number in the mystery figure .
the mysterious figure made by her has built a secret system .
the mystery came from her and built and built a secret system of secrets system .
the mysterious figure that made her a secret presentation system built .
the mysterious figure , her , built a secret system from her .
of course , with luck .
that lucky man lucky .
come , and lucky .
it 's with luck .
i mean , lucky .
well , it 's lucky
yeah , good . that 's lucky .
we 're lucky .
well of luck . with luck .
all of luck , really .
london seal . and the whole population 's locked in this place .
have they been locked up all over london and the whole population been taken into this place ?
they take the entire population to london , which is closed .
it 's a closed entire population of london .
all london , with the entire population locked up .
their entire population , their entire entire city , its location .
the entire population was in this building all over london .
london 's closed and whole population inside of london area .
london 's closed and whole population inside of london area .
have all been locked up all over london and the entire population .
that is not going to happen so quickly !
and it will be not so quickly !
and it 's not going to happen so fast !
this thing is no hurry ...
that 's no hurry !
it 's no hurry !
it 's not going to happen so fast !
it 's not happening so fast !
that 's not a hurry
it will not happen so quickly !
and for the sake of the electorate does n't like bravery .
the voters of love can not being brave .
voters prices people do do n't like bravery .
the voters of love do n't like courage .
the electorate bravery .
`` there 's a price in the electorturously .
as a vote of the electorate will be brave .
there is a price in the voters of love .
the electorturously love bravery , when they get !
in the case of a vote of bravery , there are awards .
it was to be the top priority in the commission ' s environment .
environmental regions are also more important to the commission .
the impact on the environment in the top priority of the commission is the commission .
the environment at policy dialogue is to be the top priority .
the commission have been responsible for the environment in policy dialogue .
the environment at policy dialogue is at the highest priority .
the impact on the environment in the top priority of the commission is the commission .
the environment in policy dialogue is considered to be the highest priority of the commission .
it has a priority the commission 's priority to the environment in policy dialogue .
further regions integrate the environment in policy dialogue .
`` your students fail , . you failed !
`` you fail to fail your students .
failing students , have you failed ? there was no failure from you .
` your students failed , ` said sir .
`` and your students fail .
`` to fail , your students . you failed .
your students failed . failing you failed her .
you have no way of your students .
`` your students failed , there you failed .
`` your students failed . `` nothing failed .
`` what an idiot ! there you were now !
what an asshole , too !
what kind of asshole did you get ?
how an asshole like that !
what an idiot !
what an asshole !
what an asshole ! - you 're an asshole !
what , stupid man ...
i mean you 're an asshole !
fool , what an asshole !
does he kill to me that i will kill my best friend ?
do i not kill my best friend ? do you understand ?
i got no intention of my best friends . you know ...
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend . you know ?
i wo n't kill my best friend .
i 'm gon na kill my best friend . to understand ?
i wo n't kill my best friend ?
i 'm not gon na kill my best friend . you know ?
never get rid of my best friend . do n't know .
do n't want to kill my best friend , do you understand ?
it 's a real beautiful architecture .
the architecture killer is really cute .
`` there 's a real beautiful architecture
this is like a real beautiful architecture .
it 's a real beautiful architecture ... everything .
i mean , it 's a real beautiful architecture .
really like an architecture .
the architecture is a really nice one .
she 's a real architecture ... . . . beautiful and everything and everything .
the architecture is a really nice one .
i love him , he looks great . ``
i love that . i look good .
i 'll love him , he looks great .
i love him , that does look great .
you 're looking great .
would you look good ? i like this ?
and i like that .
you 're looking great .
yeah , they look like great .
love this , i look great .
that did n't have an engine
that was no engine .
did he not have an engine ?
they do n't have an engine .
`` do n't have an engine . ''
`` does n't have an engine . ``
no engine is gone
he had no engine .
has the engine not allowed
that was without an engine .
to hurt both of his feelings ,
the wounded man with his feelings to me
this will hurt both of his feelings .
he 'd hurt both of my feelings .
it hurts both and feelings .
i guess it hurts both of my feelings .
that 's what hurts both of them .
and this will hurt both of his feelings ...
and that would hurt both to his feelings
he ' s gon na hurt and feel pain .
will we make 50 bucks . 50 bucks
we will make 50 bucks . to
50 bucks for that . yeah .
we 're gon na make 50 bucks . ``
now we 're gon na make 50 bucks
we will make 50 bucks
we will also be 50 bucks .
we 're going to be 50 bucks and make 50 bucks
it 's gon na be 50 bucks .
we 'll make 50 bucks .
i never knew about it !
i never knew about it .
it was n't me !
i never even knew .
oh , not even knew ...
i never knew about it
i have not know
it was n't me ! to
i never knew ! to know !
i did n't know .
oh my planet xon the planet of captain wubba 's , saving captain wubba .
we 'll save captain wubba 's planet .
our planet xion will be saved by captain wubba .
i guess the planet xon 's saving captain wubba .
the entire planet is going to save captain wubba .
that planet xon earth will of captain wubba will be saved .
the planet xon will be saved , one day the wubba will save captain wubba .
`` planet xion will be saved by captain wubba
planet xion is going to save captain wubba .
planet xion will be saved by captain wubba .
what about seeing this today ?
how about you see this today ?
today someone saw him out there by today ?
so okay , and you see him today ?
`` how about you see this today ? in the way ?
`` it 's just so good to see , `` see you know ?
in the day , you , you and today and the day ?
are you seeing them around today ?
what would you say to today ?
how about you see this today ?
and in the world , sir . no land .
`` no land will in the third world
no country will be the third world land .
no land is a third world land .
that land wo n't be the third world land .
... that there will be no land in the third world .
no land is a third world land .
no land ... `` will be the third world land .
we 're the third world land . ``
nobody will be the third world land .
and you 're not dying so fast die so quickly .
you 're not dying so fast . no .
you 're dying so fast .
you 're not dying so fast die fast .
you ' re not dying so fast .
you 're not dead so fast .
you 're still not dying so fast .
you failed to die so fast .
people are not dying so fast .
`` you no longer die that fast .
you 're shouting at me .
it 's true your screaming .
those are your screams .
and your screaming told me .
your screaming 's telling me .
your scream says it .
your screams say to me
screaming to yell .
you got ta scream . ``
your scream says it .
two weeks 's not enough .
i guess two weeks 's not enough .
there 's nothing left in two weeks .
take two weeks , nothing to do in two .
you 'll take two weeks . to nothing .
nothing has n't been enough for two weeks . . .
that it 's not going to be two weeks ...
two weeks are nothing more than that .
and is it enough not for two weeks ?
nothing takes long enough for two weeks .
did gentlemen dancing ?
father was dancing ?
was mr. father the dance ?
has mr. dancing ?
he was `` mr. father dance ? ''
did mr. father dance ?
is mr. father dancing ?
does mr. father dance ?
mr father dance ,
has mr. father been dancing ?
no jokes about you , you mean it to me ?
does anyone ever joke about it , dad ?
can you get some jokes ? daddy ?
there must be no joke , dad .
can you be kidding , dad ?
give me a joke , daddy .
is it a joke or something ?
you 're not kidding , dad ?
you 're not joking , dad ?
can you have some jokes , daddy ?
you used to remember this day .
you had a day you never forgot .
days ... well , days ...
you had a day you never forgot .
that 's one of the day you 've never forgotten ...
it was and you never forgot about this day .
you forgot what you had n't forgotten this day .
the day was the one you never forgot .
you never have forgotten this day .
you know , that 's a day you 've never forgotten .
peter connoisly should have gotten into the plane today . was it ?
i 'm gon na have to the plane tonight ...
peter consou should have been flying tonight .
his flight was supposed to be at peter consolation tonight .
my little flight should have come to peter consolation tonight .
peter connoisly expected flights , at night .
peter connoisly wanted to fly tonight .
peter connoisly just wanted to fly on the plane tonight .
peter connoisly said he should have been flying tonight .
peter connoisly just had a flight tonight
you 're kidding .
and making fun of yourself ?
do you joke ? no .
do you joke ? no .
come on , you really joke ?
and you 're joking ?
`` are you joking , ` right ?
will you be joking ?
do you joke ? no .
so is laughing ? ``
he could change his mood ...
his mood ca n't change .
it could change his mood .
mood 's gon na change it .
his mood could change .
his mood could change .
his mood does n't change .
yeah , his mood have a change ...
his mood is in .
his mood 's gon na change . .
thunder 11 ... three targets completely .
11 . three targets .
totally flash , three targets , three targets .
the thunderous eleven targets .
and three totally three targets .
he 's going to be a flash 11 flash 11 ... ... completely
thunderstorm , three targets .
full of thunder 11 ... totally three targets .
thunder 11 . totally three targets .
thunderstorm 11 , three objectives of the target .
they could do it ? to
maybe they could do this ? to
they could do it ?
they could do this ? no .
they 're gon na do it
i guess it could .
they could do it ?
they 're doing this ,
they could do it ?
they could do it ?
time for bed .
has sleep now been time ?
will you sleep now ?
sleep time to sleep .
sleep it up .
sleep , sleep time .
sleep time now .
we 're sleeping .
is bed time .
sleep , time for bed .
was he sure my friends were here ?
can you tell me there friends ?
have my friends come !
did you get my friends ?
is my friends are here ! ``
my friends , that 's right !
is he here ?
`` he 's my friends ! to me ! ''
it 's my friends ! there
did the friends come out ?
are you gon na be all right ?
good thing , huh ?
everything 's fine with you ?
and all right there ?
all right ? all right ?
everything is on here ?
everything okay ? yeah ?
everything all right ? to
the whole thing gone ?
are you all right ?
but helen 's nothing concern helen was .
no worries were made of helen .
but i was n't worried about helen .
but it was n't worried helen .
of course not feared , no helen concern .
but no matter helen feared it to worry .
however , my own concern was to helen .
but without fear , helen did n't worry .
no matter , however , was helen worried .
it just was n't helen 's concern .
who opens the gate , but no print ?
when he opens the gate , he leaves no print not ?
she opens the gate , she leaves no print not ?
they open the gate , but no print ?
the gate 's opening the gate , but no print ?
the gate 's opening the gate , but no print ?
opens the gate , but does he have any print ...
he opens the gate , but he 's not gon na leave any print ... ?
he opens the gate and leaves no print ?
that opens the gate but no print ?
i just did . to your majesty 's orders .
like your majesty 's orders , to go
`` like your majesty commands !
you have orders from your majesty .
your majesty , he 's ordering .
one majesty command , you sir .
like your majesty commands ...
as your majesty ... ... commands you
as your majesty commands . now
let 's your majesty 's orders .
complication is predictable .
she could a complication plan .
they 're complication ' s foreseeable .
she is complication 's foreseeable .
complication of her foreseeable
her complication does not foresee .
they have a complication of forecasts .
her complication is predictable .
her complication are predictable .
the complication table is predictable .
okay , then let 's talk about it .
okay , so we talk about it .
we 're talking about it .
just speak out .
okay , we 'll talk about it . . . '
okay , well , let 's talk about it .
we 're talking about it .
i 'll just talk about it ...
just talk it out of it .
ok . well , let 's talk about it , guys .
that 's our gym .
that 's our gym .
that 's what our gym . to
it 's our gym .
`` it 's our gym . ``
it 's our gym .
that 's our gym .
here 's our gym
i 'm our gym 's here
that 's our gym ...
and esk ... he bit her lips and then she saw herself in shame and she was sending her eyes to the house ...
esk bit his lips on her lips , and then surprised to be sent home in shame .
esk bit her lips with her lips , so that she could be able to her home of shame .
and esk bit her lips and then looked at herself as if he was sending her home in shame .
esk bit her lips ! esk , giving her a vision of sending herself home in shame .
esk bit her lips , and then had a vision of sending herself home in shame .
esk bit her lips , and she , and her eyes of sending herself home in shame .
esk did n't bite her lips and then she had a vision of shame on the house .
esk bit of her lips , then , was to see that she was sending herself home in shame .
esk is on her lips , so she could see if she was sending herself home in shame .
we 'll just take the south park , on the shadow of perpetual .
your shadow will be cast to the south park .
south park and you 'll be in perpetual shadows .
south park people will be in perpetual shadows .
south park will be a perpetual shadows .
our southern south park are going to be a perpetual shadow .
the south park will be cast to perpetual shadows .
south south park will be a perpetual shadow .
south the park will be cast into perpetual shadows .
south park will be a perpetual shadow .
there 's no chance .
no other chances happen .
there 's no chance that i guess .
`` there 's no chance , there came up .
and i guess it without chance
`` you know there 's no chance . ``
i guess it 's not possible .
no ... i guess ...
you ca n't imagine
there 's no chance
well , each of us know jasmine 's only gon na be chosen before dawn .
everyone knows jasmine will be able to be chosen before dawn .
everyone knew jasmine could just pick up before dawn .
all we knew jasmine could only be able to pick before dawn .

know , but we know that jasmine ... ... ... when we have to pick up before dawn .
we know all that jasmine 's only chosen before dawn .
everybody , we know jasmine 's only gon na pick before dawn .
everybody know ` jasmine 's only got to be selected before dawn .
we know jasmine will be able to pick up before dawn .
he wrote my memoirs and considered me .
he wrote back that my memoirs were one of my ideas .
he was writing my memoirs about my reconsideration .
mamoirs wrote me and considered me .
when i wrote my memoirs , it was what i was thinking .
when i wrote my memoirs , it was my reconsideration ...
by writing my memoirs , such consideration has been made .
he wrote my memoirs and considered me .
writing my memoirs would be one of my ideas .
by writing my memoirs think i considered .
do n't make no more than other vague gossip like the aliens in hangar 18 and , okay ?
do n't make no more than a vague rumor , the flyripples in hangar 18 .
well
do n't make no more than a vague rumor , as aliens in hangar 18 , you know .
please
okay , so now we get out ... like aliens from hangar 18 .
it 's not like any other vague rumor , the aliens from hangar 18 .
do it with any other vague gossip . . like those who have been on hangar 18 .
do n't do anything more than a vague rumor , and what they should have in hangar 18 .
they do n't do anything more than a vague rumor , like the aliens in hangar 18 .
stand by the vorbis , see where he was willing to be
stand the vorbis , whatever it was , when he 'd done what he 'd done last night
stand by vorbis , wherever he 'd been what he been willing to do . last night
do n't let vorbis know where and when he willing to do what he wanted .
i don ' t matter where vorbis were going to be doing what he wanted last night .
does vorbis seem to be in vorbis of what he was willing to what he wanted last night ?
never mind where vorbis and when he was willing to what he wanted last night
and stand by vorbis , where he 'd been , when he 'd been willing to do the night .
that i stood up with vorbis , where he was going to what he 'd been willing to do yesterday .
stand by the vorbis , where he was willing to what he 'd done last night .
stilgar found that he could not answer the question .
his question was stilgar could not answer .
stilgar found himself unable to answer the question .
his question is that stilgar could not answer .
stilgar found himself unable to answer the question .
stilgar found himself unable to answer that question .
stilgar found himself unable to answer the question , he could see .
stilgar gave him unable to answer the question .
stilgar found himself unable to answer the question .
stilgar found himself unable to answer the question , but did not answer .
it was an odd day ...
it was n't have been weird ...
it 's just a weird day to be weird .
`` it was an odd day for me . ``
is a weird day ? -
weird days ago .
it was an odd day .
the weird little days were weird ...
you have a weird day . ``
it 's a little weird .
let me keep santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
carol , i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa anymore .
let me not let me be santa finds out i 'm found mrs santa claus .
i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
well , carol , i 'm gon na keep being santa if i do n't find mrs. santa .
you 'll be santa if i do n't find mrs santa anymore .
i still do n't want to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
i do n't want to be santa if i do n't find mrs santa .
not allowed me to be santa until i do i find .
two carol . i ca n't keep being santa if i do n't find mrs santa claus .
and you 're all right , scooby ...
is it okay , scooby-doo ?
all right , scooby ?
scooby-doo , you really 're all right ?
you 're all right , scooby-doo ?
is that all right , scooby-doo ?
is that ok , scooby-doo ?
you 're all right , scooby ?
all right , scooby ?
you 're all right , scooby-doo ?
getting a great leaderboard on sunday
it 's okay . it 's just sunday . it out .
sunday 's great leaderboard .
we have a great leaderboard , sunday ,
we got a great leaderboard on sunday .
we got us a great leaderboard on sunday .
we have an amazing leaderboard on sunday .
we got us a great leaderboard on sunday .
did we get a great leaderboard sunday ?
did we have an amazing leaderboard on sunday ?
ambassador 's not in charge of the commander ,
ambassador did n't want to be present , the best commander , for the commander
ambassador 's not in charge of the commander .
ambassador 's not in charge of the commander ...
did the ambassador not need the commander .
ambassador did n't have to be present . did it . did the commander .
the ambassador , sir , no present and no commander .
but ambassador needed no present , including commander .
ambassador was in 's presence for the commander .
united . to the ambassador needed .
yeah . me rather die .
i prefer being dead .
take it . i prefer death .
i prefer being dead .
i prefer , i die .
i prefer being dead .
i prefer being dead .
my choice is dead .
i prefer being dead .
i prefer death now .
what creatures could do that ?
what a monster could do ?
what kind of monster do you do ?
how scary could i do that ?
hey , what kind of monster could do that ?
how 's the monster did you do that ?
what does a monster not do ?
what kind of monster do you do ?
what kind of monster could do that ?
what monster could do that ?
that was the telegrapher to death
that was telegrapher .
we murdered telegrapher .
that 's telegrapher .
we murdered telegrapher .
we 're killing telegrapher .
we murdered telegrapher .
the telegrapher has been murdered
we murdered telegrapher .
kill the telegrapher to me
it 's all the unit 's found in all processors , because they do math .
and in all the processors , i find the unit in all the processors .
you can find this unit in all the processors because they do math .
and this unit 's found in all the processors because they do math .
and this unit will be found in all the processors because they do math .
task force all processors because they do math .
`` it 's a unit that 's found in all the processors . . ``
you know , they found all the processors , they did , because that 's math .
the units of these units are found in all processors , because they do math .
the unit is found in all the processors , so they do math .
the wounds could be healed easily , but emotional scars do n't going away , and it 's easy .
the wounds can easily heal easily , but emotional scars do n't go away so easily .
wounds on the corpse have to be healed easily , but emotional scars are not so easily be easy .
wounds on the corpse can be healed easily , but emotional scars no longer would be so easy .
the wounds can easily heal easily but emotional scars do n't go away so easily .
the wounds can be healed easily . but ... emotional scars do n't so easily .
wounds on the corpse are easy to heal , but emotional scars are not easy to get away from .
wounds on the bodies can easily heal , but emotional scars have failed so easy to escape .
wounds on the body can easily heal but emotional scars are not go away so easily .
wounds that can be healed easily , but emotional scars can not be easy to escape . ``
we 'll talk about mental health .
we 'll talk about mental health .
i 'm gon na talk about mental health ?
we 'll talk about mental health .
we 're talking about mental health . `` mental
just talk about mental health today .
we 'll talk about mental health .
`` will be talking about mental health today . ``
we 'll talk about mental health .
we 'll discuss mental health today
no , he 's not .
and in the night there will be time for his return .
and will he give us his time for the day for return ?
we 'll just have time for his return tonight .
all right , for the night , coming back tonight .
here 's the time
there 's gon na be a time for him and ...
in the evening , the times will soon be returned .
he 'll be back tonight . to come back tonight .
this will be his time for the return tonight
how beautiful it is .
looks like it was really pretty there .
yeah , it 's beautiful .
what a really beautiful ones .
how pretty do they look ?
how beautiful it is .
how beautiful does it going ?
it was so beautiful .
what if i 'm beautiful .
and how beautiful people .
to this investment , there had been a lot of people to doubt .
it was just a lot of people who had doubts about these investments .
there were a lot of them to doubt the investment .
there were also a lot of doubt about the investment .
there must have been a lot of doubts about these investments .
this investment could be doubted many people .
there were a lot of them to doubt the investment .
so everyone has already had doubts about the investment .
there had been a lot of people to doubt the investment ,
so , i could see a lot of people in doubt about these investments .
we 'll forget that . . to
there 'll be forgotten . ``
they 're gon na forget ,
they forget this .
we 'll forget that .
no . that 'll forget .
we 'll forget ...
just a forgot about ...
you know , and he 's gon na be forgotten .
we 'll forget that .
there 's still a chopper .
chopper ai n't here .
we do n't have a chopper .
there 's a chopper .
the chopper ca n't be here .
he 's got a chopper .
the chopper is in .
this is just chopper .
well , this is all right in .
i know , uh , chopper .
all the flavors are completing each other ... and that 's really good .
whole flavors finish each other people , very well .
all the flavors are completing each other , but it 's really good .
all are the flavors complement each other . all right .
every flavors complement each other , with a lot .
no , it ` il finish all the flavors .
now they 're completing all the flavors . it 's great .
all flavors will finish each other people .
all the flavors are completing each other , being very well done .
this is a great deal of flavors complement each other .
after the rubbed dust of his gloves , adjunct entered the north .
after the rubbed dust of his gloves was the adjunct moving north .
adjunct wiped out his gloves and walked north to the rim .
a little north side a . adjunct went to the north .
after off , the adjunct , the adjunct walked north
a moment later she was pulling the dust out of her gloves .
back to the dust of the gloves , the adjunct 's moving north .
following the rubbed dust from the gloves , it was then north .
after the wiped dust off the gloves the adjunct enters to the north rim .
after the rubbed dust off the gloves , the adjunct was moving north .
the escape has been a chance , ` said appia .
appia did not have a chance to escape .
` we have no way to escape , there was no .
no way to escape , appia snapped .
running i guess not to escape , `` snapped appia .
` we have no way to escape , there was no .
appia snapped out the opportunity , ` said appia .
- and i escaped ``
the escape was n't been away from us , ` said appia has already snapped .
we have n't been able to escape , have , sir , ` said appia .
do n't be calm down .
calm down . calm down . is it
calm down . calm down
please relax , calm down .
calm down . calm down .
calm down , calm down .
calm down .
take it easy .
do n't just relax .
do n't be ...
it 's nothing to be afraid of , man , because you a little dick will never be found
do n't worry , buddy , because you 'll never find your dick .
do n't worry , buddy , you 'll be worried about not finding your little dick .
i hate you , buddy , because you never find your little dick .
no one is worried about you , buddy , because your little dick will never be found
you have nothing to worry about , man , because you never find your little dick .
no one has to worry about it , man , because you never find .
worrying me nothing , buddy , because your little dick will find anything
no need worrying me , buddy , because your little dick
well , do n't worry , buddy , because your little dick .
it ca n't work .
it ca n't work
it ca n't work ... working
this ca n't work ... working
it ca n't be working !
we do n't have a job
it ca n't be working !
now it ca n't work !
it 's not working !
we do n't have a job
you were bringing a dollar bills ?
is that a dollar bills ?
you brought the dollar bills ?
you bring a dollar bills ?
did you bring the dollar bills ?
your bills ... of dollar bills ?
you brought the dollar bills ?
and you bring the dollar bills ?
your bills were available to you ?
you were bringing a dollar bills ?
i have no connection to the location of the property pages , for % s .
property could not be connected to the site because of % s could not be found .
unable to connect to property pages of property because of % s
property pages unable to connect to connect to connect to be connected % s .
you ca n't connect to the property pages because of % s .
unable to connect to property pages of property % s % s .
you ca n't connect to property pages of properties because % s % s
it 's not connecting to the location of the property pages , % s .
so could not connect to the location of the % s .
- for % s you could not connect to the property pages .
somebody ... . has seen anything ?
i heard anything ?
people saw anything else ?
your man saw anything .
somebody was seeing anything ?
somebody sees anything ?
anyone else a little bit saw
any other have seen anything ?
your man saw anything ? to
somebody saw anything , and in the world you saw ?
there 's a lot of work to do tomorrow .
in the morning there 's not much work .
there 's not much work to do tomorrow . ``
we have to do a lot tomorrow .
the work is going to be done tomorrow .
it 's all right about work for tomorrow .
we 've got a lot of work to do tomorrow .
there 's still plenty of work to do tomorrow .
we have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
there 's a lot of work to do tomorrow .
what 's so cute ?
what cute , huh ?
what 's that sweet ?
that was how cute ?
what 's that sweet ?
the beautiful are you ?
how cute is it ?
what kind of cute is that ?
what 's so cute ?
and it 's beautiful ?
well , you 're ignoring what you 're saying . ''
i 'm gon na ignore .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
ignoring i 'm gon na say .
- i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying ,
i 'm gon na ignore .
i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying ,
- i 'm gon na ignore what you 're saying .
according to what you 're gon na say .
if you 're saying , i 'm ignoring what you 're saying . .
well , muslims were murdered .
muslims ' own muslims died , as they did .
yeah . muslims killed muslims .
muslims killed muslims , as well .
the muslims killed the muslims and killed the muslims .
the muslims were killed , the murdered by muslims .
muslims ' own death died .
muslims were dead in muslims .
muslims , who killed muslims .
the muslims died in muslims .
he must be operated or killed . to
`` he must be operated or killed .
otherwise he must be operated or killed .
we 're supposed to operate or die .
no . he has to operate or die .
did you have to operate or die ?
he must be operated or killed ...
probably the operated on him or died ...
he must be operated , or he will die .
he must be operated or killed .
yeah . turk sure fell to the trap ?
your turk took a trap ?
the turk 's fallen into the trap ?
that turk has fallen into the trap ?
so far , the turk fallen ?
turk fell the trap
the turk took a trap
that turk 's gon na the trap ?
turk has fallen to the trap ?
the turk 's in a trap ...
get a description there .
say , do you have a description ?
i 'm description ?
get any description ? to
do you have a description ?
get any description .
pick up any description .
are there any description ?
get any description .
come have any description ? to
that 's a joke .
there 's a joke .
`` are you kidding , man murdered ?
you are all joking .
are you joking ? you fucking ?
you got ta be joking .
you must be joking .
he 's joking .
`` you are joking ? ``
`` you are joking ? ''
difficult things will be .
this place is difficult . ``
it 's gon na be tough .
yeah , `` was it difficult .
such things are difficult
just difficult , that one .
it 's gon na be hard . it 's gon na be hard .
that would be hard .
that 'll be hard .
now that 's gon na be hard .
your brothers are like that when you saw him ?
see the man after your brother died .
have you ever since your brother 's been murdered him .
did you see that guy after his brother died ?
please , i 've seen him since your brother died
your brother gave you a death of your brother ?
you see this guy after his brother died ?
hey , it 's true you saw this brother died ?
i saw that guy after he killed your brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother 's brother .
have n't you seen him since your brother died ?
i threw money around was the only a way to feel strong .
the only way was he could feel of strength to throw of money .
throwing money around was the only way he felt strong .
there was only the only way he felt strong .
he threw money around , and he felt strong enough .
he was able to throw money around was the only way he felt strong .
the only way was he could feel strong money .
the money , alone , was by feeling strong position , feeling strong feeling strong .
at once , the throwing money was going to be strong .
he was able to throw money around was the only way he felt strong .
i would have climbed the mountain and built a house ?
we would have climbed a mountain and making houses .
we would have climbed a mountain and making houses .
we would have climbed a mountain and making houses ...
we would be climbing the mountain , and we 're going to go home ?
we 're gon na the mountain and make a house
to the mountain and to the house
we would be climbing the mountain and we 're gon na go home ?
we ought to climb the mountain and make houses ?
the mountain would be climbing and making houses ?
presentation 's got to be saved before you get records or records or start sending broadcast .
schedule , you have to save your presentation before you have a record or start your broadcast .
this presentation is saved before you are recorded or started on the broadcast .
you must save the presentation before you are recorded , schedule or start the broadcast ...
records are saved before you are recorded before you , schedule or start a broadcast ;
that presentation has to be able to save your presentation or start your presentation .
just did n't save the presentation before you start your presentation . or start your broadcast .
records of presentation , planned or start the broadcast must be saved before you are recorded . .
the presentation must be saved before you are recorded or run or start the broadcast . .
the presentation takes place before you have to be saved , schedule or start the broadcast .
the only thing is that we should talk to your dad .
you know , we got a little talk to your dad .
and we wan na talk to your dad .
what we wan na talk about is your dad .
what we wan na talk with your dad .
dad everything here is your dad 's talk .
he 's talking to your dad ... . so we wan na talk to your dad .
what we wan na talk with your dad .
what we wan na do , we 'll talk to your dad .
what we wan na talk with your dad .
to increase the capacity of the agency :
the agency has to strengthen the agency , to the agency 's capacity is reinforced , . that we need further ?
to further strengthen the capacity of the agency , being reinforced .
do n't let us further strengthen the agency capacity .
it needs to be reinforced by the capacity of the agency .
authorities who need to be reinforced , sir .
are you need further increase the capacity of this
let 's further strengthen the capacity for the agency .
we must increase the capacity of the agency further
we are necessary to further strengthen the capacity of the agency capacity of capacity of capacity .
decision 's not expressly allowed to prolongation of this deadline .
the decision is not expressly available to the prolongation of this period .
not expressly can the decision be made for the prolongation this period .
such decisions are not expressly allowed for the prolongation .
the decision shall not be expressly allowed to prolongation .
and the decision does not expressly enable the court to prolongation .
decision does not expressly enable this deadline to be extended .
that decision does not expressly allowed for a prolongation .
decisions on the decisions are not expressly allowed to prolongation .
it makes no explanation to prolonge the decision .
that 's a handsome young man .
he 's a handsome young man .
what an attractive young man looks like .
what an attractive young man .
that handsome young boy . ``
and what about ... . . - . .
what a handsome young man ...
what an attractive young man looks like .
the handsome young man of the fine-looking boy
`` what a handsome young man .
he spent the last few minutes of his last time in the world .
last minutes of hate would be out of hate and all humans will of humanity .
there have been hatred for the past few minutes .
his hatred had just been lost in hatred for the last minutes .
the last minutes were lost to hate and raged at all humans .
his hatred could be lost in the past minutes .
he used to see the hatred for the past few minutes .
the hatred minutes recently began to come out of the last minutes .
last minutes had been lost to hate for the hatred of hate , all humans .
they gave him the last minutes of hate , which he was rained in all humanity .
out of fear out of fear of st. clare 's vision .
that . scared the fear of st clara visions of st clara vision .
will they run from the fear of st clara visions ?
they seem to be running out of fear of st clara 's vision .
they do n't have to worry about the sight of st. clare .
their st. clara is running away from fear .
there 's no fear of the vision of 's vision .
the fear 's running .
running away from the fear of the vision of 's vision .
do they run away from fear of st clara 's visions ?
we 're lucky man , so nobody gets hurt .
well , we 're lucky , with no injuries , do you know ?
with luck , no one will be hurt .
nobody one hurts anyone with luck .
nobody one hurts anyone with luck .
well , no one got hurt .
with luck , that ai n't gon na hurt nobody get nobody 's hurt .
out of luck , no one 's gon na hurt anyone .
well , no one will be hurt with luck .
well , we 're lucky nobody 's gon na get hurt .
a great military effort coming from us .
military effort is also made by us .
there 's a great military effort going on our side .
one great military effort going up .
the military 's work makes great military efforts to us .
the military effort to do a great military effort , we do .
a great military effort for us together .
our made military effort here comes from us .
military effort does n't going to us .
the great military will be making us .
his name is elen 's song .
he 's called elen 's song .
`` called elen 's song , `` good .
just called , elen waited here .
they call that elen 's song .
are they talking to ...
it 's like elen 's song .
his name is that elen 's song is waiting . ``
his name is elen 's song . to wait
elen 's song . . . .
got a fucking trap !
our job is fucking trap !
and we 're going to the damn trap !
our walk went to a fucking trap now !
i just entered the damn trap .
that we 're going to a fucking trap !
and we just went to the damn trap
our walk went down !
no ! we just went to the damn trap !
and we 're going to the damn trap !
i have a movie plan .
yeah , i plan to film .
i plan to make a movie .
i think i have a movie plan . ``
i have a film .
i 'll have a movie .
i have a film .
i have a movie plans .
i have a movie plan .
i have a film ... to film
to last ten minutes and have the same problem .
in the last ten minutes , i have gotten the same thing , yet it 's a matter .
i 'll be a problem in ten minutes .
i 've been in the last ten minutes , and i have a problem .
got ten minutes . i have a lot more .
come in ten minutes , take ten minutes ,
only a matter was ten minutes old .
ten minutes to go , i have a lot , i have in ten minutes .
things happened ... in the last ten minutes .
i 've been ... . in the last ten minutes .
bay 's theory was n't the twoor three-stage cycle .
the twoor 3-phase live cycle , sir .
it 's going to be a twoor a theory about twoor 3-phase .
in the theory of the second , it , or three-stage of life cycle , it 's my preference .
this is not the twofold the theory of the twoor three-stage life cycle yet .
the theory of the twoor three-stage cycle of space ... ... remains of my preferences .
there 's a theory about twoor a three-phase of life .
theory of the twoor three-phase of space of the bay , still not my preferences .
suppose the theory of the twoor three-stage cycle is always my preference .
well
how you did n't you help us ?
helping and saying :
` good one ? ` he said to us .
` you help us , ` you said .
when you helped us , you were right ?
you helped and told us ?
you helped and told us ?
you were gon na help ?
to help us , sir , `` ?
`` help ! there you said .
it 's not up to technology .
the improvement in technology has an improvement .
but technology 's improving .
but technology 's improvement is in better .
but technology 's improving .
but technology 's improving .
of course , technologies improve .
but in technology , we still have an improvement .
there 's not much technology improvement .
but technology 's improving .
i can not believe he 's the shershow 's marriage .
`` ca n't believe he 's getting married before i 'm married . ``

it 's incredible that he 's getting a shershow wedding .
i can not believe he 's the shershow 's marriage .
it 's impossible for me to believe , that he 's getting a shershow wedding
i guess he 's not gon na believe he 's getting married in front of me .
well , i do n't think he 's gon na be married before me .
i do n't think he 's gon na get a shershow marriage .
he 's not the one who gets married before i
if you bite the dog , you 'll be executed .
if you bite the dog , you 'll be executed ...
if you bite the dog , you 'll be executed ...
if you bite the dog and you 're gon na run .
if you bite the dog , they 're gon na run .
if you bite the dog , you'il be executed .
and if you bite the dog , they 're gon na run .
if you bite the dog , they 're gon na run .
if you bite the dog and you 're gon na run .
if you bite the dog , then you wo n't be executed .
we have established many quality requirements .
i set up many quality requirements .
i know , we have many high-quality requirements .
the requirements have already been established by many quality requirements .
our requirements were laid down in several quality requirements .
our many requirements established a number of high-quality .
this requirement has been established by many quality requirements .
we have established many quality requirements .
we have n't set out many quality requirements .
no . we have established many quality requirements .
the lips is visible out
as with brock 's lips , his lips moved without a sounds .
brock was moving out of his lips , without a sound coming .
and brock 's lips moved out of the sound .
brock 's lips moved out of brock 's sound .
the brock lips mouth is moving out without a sound .
brock lips moved no sound .
his lips were open without a sound .
brock touched his lips as if there was no sound .
brock lips are out of the move .
and what i 'm gon na do is call your wife a whore
what i 'm gon na do to do your wife ...
what 'll i ever do . i never call your whore
i guess i 'll never call your wife a bitch .
what i 'm gon na do , it 's your wife 's bitch .
and no more women will call your wife .
that i 'm never gon na call your wife a bitch .
i 'm not gon na call your wife a bitch .
and i wo n't gon na call your wife a bitch .
what i 'm gon na do is call your wife a bitch .
does his ship resist in shock of the underwater monitor ?
do you know , the ship that would resist the shock from its underwater ?
and could he resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
this is a ship that would withstand the shock of his underwater monitor .
do you know , the ship that would resist the shock from its underwater ?
has the ship been able to resist the shock of his underwater monitor ?
what ship would resist the shock of his underwater monitor
is the ship that would resist the shock of its underwater monitor ?
is it a ship , with a ship can withstand the shock ?
at least a little ship to withstand the shock of its underwater monitor .
the luck is the right to prove right .
lucky and good evidence 's right ...
with luck i 'm gon na prove right . ``
with luck ... . to prove right ... .
will the luck of the way prove the right ...
luck 's gon na prove right .
with luck that we 're gon na prove right ,
so much luck is gon na prove right . ``
if you 're lucky . right .
the luck showed you in the right now .
the sounds , and terrible shrivel , and that 's terrible .
there was the sounds of terrible shrivel , and terrible memories .
the sound 's awful .
the sounds have been made , the screams , the bad , the terrible ruvers .
horrible howl , coming , which sounds like a terrible scream , and terrible ruvers , right ?
horrible shribles sound like bad shribles and terrible memories ...
given that the sounds were made of the shrivel and the terrible oath .
it sounds like the bad shribles and the terrible oath .
they have the sound of shrivel , terrible shribles .
there are the sounds , the sounds .
did we wake ?
`` we had a terrible journalist ? ``
has our terrible journalist awake ?
have our terrible reporter been awake ?
have we have a terrible journalist ?
were n't we afraid so ?
were our terrible reporters awake ?
were n't our terrible reporter awake ?
reporter woke us up ?
have we been awake ?
well , maybe the solution was negotiating .
and maybe the solution is for negotiations .
and maybe the solution is for negotiations .
maybe has a solution to negotiate .
the only solution is for negotiations maybe .
the solution to negotiations may also be achieved .
there 's maybe a solution to negotiate .
the solution is likely to negotiate
yeah , maybe the solutions to negotiations .
maybe , solution is for negotiations .
you were so annoying of me .
the unpleasant kind of thing was that there !
hey , it 's uncomfortable !
what a fucking unpleasant thing !
how annoying do you it ?
what a lot of you ... ! - !
what do you mean , annoying ?
you were so annoying .
what if i 'm annoying !
and what an annoying thing !
that was n't joking .
was there a little joke ?
you 're joking .
you were no joke .
you must have been joking
you were n't joking .
you were n't joking .
you were n't joking .
you were n't joking . ``
you were n't joking .
stealing the car 's not good cd .
in the car was no good cd in the cd .
no , stolen cars , like ... . and steal them .
one piece of cd , a cd in the car ... ... that we steal .
no good cd in the car , and steal . ``
a cd in the car , we do n't steal .
we did n't steal any of the car .
none of these cars stolen cars .
no good cd in these cars , it 's impossible to steal .
we do n't have been stolen by any cars .
i felt terrible , and with me i felt terrible .
was she felt like a terrible thing .
with a terrible feeling for her .
i felt terrible about me .
i felt really terrible about me .
i feel so bad for her .
i feel terrible about her .
i had a terrible feeling for her .
i felt terrible for her .
it was a terrible feeling for me .
have you ever seen a bite , a movie ?
look at the jaws , the film .
have n't you ever seen a bite or the film ?
have n't you seen chin , that film ...
have you ever seen a bite , a movie ?
all of you , could see the movie ?
yeah , yeah , the film ?
have n't there ever ?
ever see out , even film ?
have n't you seen chin , movie ?
morak raised his sword up .
morak raised his sword .
`` morak raised his sword up . ``
there 's a advanced . to raise his sword .
morak could move and raise the blade .
morak raised his sword ,
to morak , there was raising the blade .
morak advanced . . to raise his sword .
morak advanced , raising his sword
did he even make morak raise his sword ?
the news 's gon 's gon na be reported tomorrow .
the notice will be made at the banquet tomorrow .
no one would have announced tomorrow at the banquet tomorrow .
banquet are announcing him out tomorrow ...
a banquet report will be announced tomorrow .
if he 's gon na have a banquet tomorrow . ``
just did n't tell him about the banquet tomorrow . .
the notice of him , coming to banquet will be tomorrow . ``
a declaration will be made at the banquet tomorrow . ``
the notice is tomorrow at the banquet .
it 's just beautiful when he watched the film .
the movie was beautiful , and i watched .
and in the movie it was beautiful
watching the film , i could see
and you look really in the movie .
do n't watch the film .
the way to watch the film would be beautiful .
that 's a beautiful movie .
my eyes are not a beautiful . i 'm looking at the film .
that movie was beautiful
unexpected , therele thought , something like this .
it was unexpected , because peter thought , like , think about such things .
one thing that peter would have thought about , was unexpected .
the fact was just unexpected enough for therele that peter would have thought about such a thing .
my surprise was unexpected to theremma that peter would have thought about such a thing .
it was an unexpected thing peter would be thinking about such a thing .
it would not be surprised that peter about how peter thought about something like this .
it was such an unexpected thing , that peter would have thought about such a thing .
his unexpected thing was to theremma that peter would have thought about such a thing .
it was unexpected for therele . and peter thought about such a thing .
i like you coming .
i ca n't be happy that you came .
i ca n't be happy that you came .
i 'll be happy that you .
i like to be here . ``
i ca n't be happy that you came .
i like you coming .
and , i am glad you have come .
i like you happy to come .
i like you ... happy to come
the numbers are in 57 seconds .
57 seconds to walk ...
57 seconds and then .
it 's going to be 57 seconds .
57 seconds for 57 seconds .
the move is 57 seconds .
57 seconds to go ,
57 seconds to go ,
57 seconds , and come on .
57 seconds and then .
nobody says anything when he 's staring at his friend .
nobody 's gon na talk when he 's staring at his friend .
he could say no one day he looked at his friend .
and does anyone say a word when he 's staring at his friend ?
i know no one 's gon na say anything when he 's staring at his friend .
nobody 's been able to say anything when he 's been staring at .
nobody 's been able to say anything when he 's been staring at .
nobody could say a word when he looked at his friend .
nobody could say a word when he looked at his friend .
yeah . no words seen .
the secret is what federal scientist works for hours
his secrets are what federal scientists work for hours .
their secrets are what federal scientists work for hours , uh ...
`` what a secret is what federal scientist who works for hours . ``
`` to be a secret , what federal scientists work at work for hours . ''
they 're all going to a secret that federal scientist working at an hour .
have a secret of the federal scientist who worked at an hour .
he 's got a secret , a federal scientist who 's working hours for hours .
they know their secrets are what federal scientists are working for hours .
his secrets are what federal scientists do , all they do was doing , the time they got a probe .
being out of alcohol , which is why .
we are out of alcohol and this is why .
we are out of alcohol , and this is why
we are out of alcohol ; and it 's ... and this is why .
we are out of alcohol . and this is why .
we are out of alcohol , and this is why .
we are out of alcohol , and this is why .
come on , let 's go on .
we are out of alcohol and have a reason .
we are out of alcohol and this is why .
the sofia does n't belong to be responsible for feeding her son .
there 's no responsibility to feed her son .
you did n't have a responsibility for fed her son .
i ca n't take your duties to feed her son .
sofia does n't belong to be responsible for feeding her son .
sofia , you 're not responsible for giving her son a breathless than your son .
it 's no responsibility for feeding her son .
`` it 's not your responsibility to feed her son . ``
it 's not up to you have your son
is n't that your duties of your son 's breathats ?
we ` sfor coffee .
coffee 's coming up .
it 's a coffee
we just go for coffee .
we came for coffee .
it 's going to be coffee .
we are going to get some coffee .
it 's for coffee .
the coffee came to us for ...
get in the coffee
but the fool will make me rich
the funny fool 's not going to make me rich , you know ?
god damn , the funny bastard 's gon na make me rich .
the weird bastards are going to make me rich .
all my funny little bastards wo n't make me rich .
the funny fool makes me rich .
the funny fool makes me rich .
but the fools will also make me rich .
but the fool 's going to make me rich .
of course , the funny fool will make me rich .
nothing i 'm doing anything i 'm right .
nothing that i do right .
it 's nothing to do with me .
there 's nothing i 'm gon na do .
nothing i do with it .
nothing i do , does n't .
no such things are fine .
what i 'm doing is right .
all i do will not do n't do well .
i do n't know , it 's okay .
it was really exciting in this .
looks like of it was really exciting .
yeah , it 's so exciting .
how much do you mean ?
how exciting it is .
is n't it so exciting ?
how exciting it is .
it was so exciting .
what if i 'm so exciting ?
and how exciting it is .
please , not to worry about this stuff .
do not worry . that stuff . that .
not that you 're afraid of , sir .
i don ' t worry about this stuff .
this stuff 's not to worry .
such stuff will not be feared .
do n't worry about this stuff .
have no worries about this stuff
not even for fear . not that stuff .
no , worry about this stuff .
we 're going to have a wonderful ceremony .
we have to have a wonderful ceremony
`` and will we have a wonderful ceremony ? ''
will we have a wonderful ceremony ? to
we 'll have a wonderful ceremony , a wonderful ceremony .
we 'll have a wonderful ceremony .
let 's have a wonderful ceremony .
i mean , we 'll have a wonderful ceremony , we 'll have a ceremony .
we are ... going to have a wonderful ceremony .
let 's have a wonderful ceremony .
there were several heads and a few blocks around the corner .
some heads were visible from the door and the corner .
a few head ran from the door , the corner .
from the door and the corner appeared on the door and a couple of them ran off .
several of the heads ran from the door and the corner .
some heads ran out of the door and ran around the corner .
several heads have a couple of heads around the door and the corner .
a couple of heads off , ran off the door
some heads appeared to have been stuck out of the door and around the corner .
several heads were several heads , and were the doors hanging around the corner .
to the printer , they were already calibrated .
the calibrating princesses have been calibrated .
`` printers have been calibrated .
printer was , like ... . calibrated .
printer must be calibated .
his printer was calibrated .
the printer was already calibrated
printer calibrated was calibrated
`` printer `` could be calibrated .
they calibrated the printer .
being family does n't mean people ...
just that people can be the family .
you can be impossible for people to be family .
well , no being family impossible .
there 's no way people are family here .
it turned out to be a family .
it 's impossible for people to be family .
it 's impossible that people are family .
i do n't be family for people .
impossible to be family .
he can be anyone . ``
he can be anyone . ``
he can be anyone .
he can be anyone
they 're gon na be anyone . ``
i guess it 's anyone .
he can be anyone .
they 're gon na be anyone ,
he can be anyone .
he can be anyone .
your rod and your staff are comfortable with me , following me .
oh , your rod and your employees , i feel comfortable .
oh , your rod . make your employees comfortable .
your rod and your employees also make me comfortable
your rod and your employees are comfortable me comfortable .
the rod and your employees were my comfort .
rod do n't agree with your employees .
your rod and your employees , they comfort me .
`` your rod and your employees , they comfort me .
your rod and your staff is respecting me .
dylan tyre wrote lynching after the circus .
dylan 's writing about lynch after the circus .
dylan tyre wrote about lynching after the circus .
after dylan 's writing about lynch .
he 'd written dylan about lynching the circus .
he wrote about the lynch , after the circus .
i did n't know dylan wrote up after the circus .
dylan was writing about lynching after the circus .
dylan wrote about lynching , and after the circus .
dylan was writing about lynching after the circus . yeah .
sir ... the property 's owned fucking private here
sir and the property belonged to private !
sir , property 's owned by private !
sir , the property are owned by private .
sir , it 's a private property .
there 's a private estate !
sir sir , they belong here in private !
sir , the property belongs in private .
mr. estate assets were owned in private !
mr. sir , they 're personally owned by the property .
you wan na get me a towel , and your butt , and really will you ?
` you wan na blow your ass ? with a towel ?
you mean , these guys , the towel in your ass ?
you 're gon na blow me up your butt ?
you 're gon na blow me up your butt ?
it 's not gon na blow up your butt ?
you do n't really gon na blow up your butt ?
you guys like to slap towel in the butt ?
` i 'm gon na blow up the towel ? `` was it .
get me a couple of nails in the butt .
please let me travel .
i wish i could travel .
i wish to travel .
i wish i could travel .
i wish i could travel .
i wish i could travel .
wanted me to travel .
i wish i could travel .
i want me to travel ?
wish i 'd rather travel . ``
yeah , s.r.p . , here 's gon na be here tomorrow .
the s.r.p.ex-member will be here tomorrow .
s.r.p , ex-member , one , tomorrow
i guess the s.r.p.ex tomorrow . is coming tomorrow .
well , s.r.p.ex will come tomorrow .
it 's s.r.p.r.p.ex tomorrow .
i found s.r.p.ex will come tomorrow
i did n't really gon na call tomorrow . ex-member 's coming tomorrow .
i know . s.r.p. ex-member 's coming tomorrow .
s.r.p.ex-member will be here tomorrow . . . .
a hundred bucks for me up my car will be fine .
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
how about you owe me $ 100 if i clean my car ?
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
you 'll give me $ 100 if i clean my car .
all right , if i 've got a hundred bucks .
everything will owe me $ 100 if i clean the car .
you have to owe me $ 100 if i clean my car .
now you owe me $ 100 if i clean my car
you have to miss a mistake
she fails to miss only one defect
no one can be perfect if she did not only one defect .
you have to miss one defect , perfect ...
she did n't have a single defect . she had a perfect thing .
you have to miss one defect , perfect .
are you missing only one defect ?
no one failed only one defect .
she missed only one defect was perfect .
did she miss only one defect ? to
yeah , all doors are secure by hefty locks .
every door of the door is secure , hefty to :
so hefty locks can be locked up .
every door connected is a hefty lock .
we have a hefty lock ... all sides of the door .
every door of the door is secure . . is locked .
each `` through the door '' secure by the hefty lock .
individual door doors are secure by hefty locks
the door 's safety 's got a hefty locked
and every door ... secure with a hefty lock .
oh well we 're your best chance to find these men before they skip the city .
if we 're your best chance to find these men before they skip town , okay ?
we have the best chance to find them before they skip the city .
we have a chance to find these men ... before jumping out of town .
we got the chance to find these men before they skip the city .
our chances of finding these men before they leave the city .
your chance is your best chance to find these men before they skip the city
the best chance of finding these men before the city .
it 's your best chance to find these men before they jump out of the city .
if we 're the best chance to find them before they skip the city .
their trucks were loaded with radiation
the cargo the truck is with the radiation .
their trucks are loaded with radiation .
yeah , the truck is loaded with the radiation .
all their trucks were loaded with radiation .
their trucks were with the radiation .
the trucks have , they , they 're loaded with the radiation .
yeah , the truck is loaded with the radiation .
their truck is loaded with radiation , sir
it takes their trucks with the radiation materials when they have been loaded
it was called mclennen-forster to the military project to kill the military .
there have been a mclennen-forster project for military weapons .
the leading project to an army of non-killing weapons was also called mclennen-forster .
the leading project to the military of non-killing weapons was to be called mclennen-forster .
what they did to do with the leading project to an army of non-killing weapons .
leading project to an army weapons force . . . . . . .
the leading to the leading project , they called mclennen-forster military as a military force .
mclennen-forster 's project was called mclennen-forster and led a non-killing project .
the leading project to an army of non-killing weapons will be called mclennen-forster .
mclennen-forster 's plan was to lead the main project for the military .
all the state is not entirely similar .
and so it 's just the state
does the state look exactly the same status ?
the states are precisely similar .
the state is similar .
the state 's really similar
it will be the same state .
-LRB- a -RRB- true state , it 's just the same .
the state , it 's the same .
we 're not exactly ...
the guy 's not dying .
he should n't have died
`` the man was dying . ``
that guy was supposed to die .
he was n't supposed to die
`` that was n't the man who should have died , ` the man .
this man , well , had to die .
the man never died a lot .
the man didn ' t die there .
the man was not dead .
it was a need for geographical evidence of geographical evidence of production techniques than before
a lot of attention is a need for geographical evidence and difference in production techniques , rather than in the past .
a much greater attention priority must be paid to geographical evidence and differences in manufacturing technology production method than in the past .
furthermore
a much greater attention must be paid to geographical evidence and a difference in manufacturing techniques than before .
far more attention was required to be paid to geographical indications of production techniques than before .
priority requires geographical evidence and a geographical evidence and a difference in the past .
there is a need to pay for geographical evidence of different production method of techniques
priority is not need to be paid for geographical evidence and a difference in manufacturing techniques rather than before .
a lot needs to be paid for geographical evidence and difference in manufacturing techniques than before .
how sweet you are .
say how sweet you are .
yeah , it 's nice .
what a sweet man you are .
how much do you mean you 're cute ?
as sweet , the sweet is .
how do you look ?
you were really nice .
what if i 'm sweet .
and what a sweet man .
and what about him ... ? well , the only thing will hurt him ?
what does it gon na hurt him ?
what he 's gon na do to hurt him ?
so the man 's gon na hurt him and do it , what ?
what he 's gon na do is hurt ...
wo n't they hurt him what he does ?
will he hurt him ?
what he 's gon na do ?
what about him do with pain ?
`` what 's what he does to him ?
please , the things my dad asked me to do .
`` something my dad asked me to do .
take you up , do you know what my dad asked me to do ?
take it from your father 's question .
`` take you up to you is to ask my father . ``
i guess your father asked me to do n't .
the fact that dad has asked me to do it .
take you up , you 've been asked by my dad .
take you up to you , he asked .
i 'll take you to what my dad asked me .
there 's no way you both of talking .
well , no way of course , talk .
`` the fact that you 're talking is that you 're both talking .
you 're not possible . there 's no way to talk to you two .
and you 're not gon na talk
`` we know you 're not talking . ``
do n't let you guys ca n't talking .
there 's no way you 're talking
of course you 're not speak ... and you two together .
there 's no way you 're talking
just like i 'm a stupid blonde about this .
looks like i 'm a stupid blonde .
now i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
you can be the impression that i was here .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde .
i feel like i 'm a stupid blonde , about this
`` as a stupid blonde about me .
and it 's just as silly that i 'm a stupid blonde .
i feel like i 'd be a stupid blonde about this .
does it feel like i 'm a stupid blonde about this
beautiful clothes you wear .
the beautiful dress clothes there are you .
she 's wearing beautiful clothes .
you do n't have beautiful clothes .
beautiful clothes you wear .
beautiful , wearing your clothes .
all right , it 's a beautiful dress .
clothes will be beautiful .
your dress 's beautiful .
oh , nice clothes , you know ?
ten , was against an entire regiment .
there were n't any of them against an entire regiment .
maybe even ten their regiment ten regiment ten regiment was at ten regiment .
they all came from a regiment .
they ten fought against an entire regiment . to
perhaps ten of them , against an entire regiment .
ten probably , to be against the regiment , everyone did .
ten of them . about one regiment was attacked .
about ten people stood up to an entire regiment .
maybe ten of them ... ... were against an entire regiment .
that 's the fault of hydarn did .
come on , the hydarn fault is the fault , because of course .
hydarn 's fault for this !
i 'm at fault of hydarn !
that 's the fault of hydarn did it
we 're just being mistaken by hydarn ...
it 's a fault of hydarn 's fault .
it 's a fault of hydarn 's fault
it 's going to be a mistake by hydarn .
it 's a fault of hydarn 's fault .
the moroc civilization 's success , so it 's a permanent memory .
it 's a permanent memory of success in moroc civilization .
we have a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization success .
it forever got a permanent memory . moroc civilization success here ,
it was a permanent memory for the success in the moroc civilization .
this is not a permanent memory ... to success in the moroc civilization
ca n't be remembered forever . in the success in the moroc civilization
a permanent memory that has been achieved by moroc civilization . .
the success of memory of monument here . to moroc civilization success .
we have a permanent memory of success in the moroc civilization ...
she had a strange dream ,
she had a weird dream for her ,
she had a strange , and it was a strange dream .
`` there 's been a strange dream for her
there was a strange dream . to her .
we 're in a weird dream ... . and a dream about her ``
she had a weird dream for her .
and for her was a strange dream .
and there was a strange dream .
and she also had a strange dream .
i ca n't believe anyone who catches the door .
we do n't have anyone who catches the door .
neither can catch the doorman napping .
there are no people who catches the doorman .
maybe there 's nobody who catches the door , i guess .
there 's no one who catches the doorman napping .
i guess nobody 's gon na catch a doorman .
`` do n't let anyone catch the doorman napping , i guess .
that 's nobody who catches the doorman , i guess ...
maybe you ca n't catch anyone who 's napping .
i know my dad who 's not surprises me .
no . i know my dad . why i 'm not surprised .
i know my dad 's not surprised .
knowing that my father 's not surprised me . ``
i know my dad 's not surprised .
i know my father ... ... which is why i 'm not surprised ...
i ca n't believe my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
i know my father , which is why i 'm not surprised .
i know my dad 's not surprised .
i know my dad 's not surprised .
we were waiting for the sun to come out after 20 bucks .
after twenty bucks , our sun wait until it comes .
` we were waiting for the sun to come out after twenty bucks , ` he said .
we were waiting for the sun to come after we got 20 bucks .
sun was waiting for us to come out after 20 bucks .
sun was the sun that came out after 20 bucks .
after twenty bucks , and 20 bucks , and i waited for the sun , waiting for them , and at least 20 bucks .
we were waiting for the sun to come out after 20 bucks .
wait , we were waiting for the sun to come out , the things come back at $ 20 .
we waited for the sun to come out , and took 20 bucks
no medication 's on him .
he 'll be no more drugs !
no medication 's on him .
do n't take any medication for him !
i hate him anymore .
is he no longer a drug ?
none of his drugs !
i hate him anymore .
never a drug for him .
did he stop drugs ?
the only thing is that he 's digging .
he 's gon na dig the hole 's digging .
and he 's gon na dig the hole .
what he has to do is dig the dig a hole .
what he 's got to dig the hole .
dig hole just takes what he 's doing .
he 's gon na dig a hole ... . so he 's gon na dig a hole .
what he 's got to dig the hole .
what he 's doing , he 'll dig the hole .
what he 's got to dig a hole . . .
sometimes the plan ai n't going .
some things are n't the plan .
it does n't happen sometimes and is sometimes .
things happen to be never to plan
things do n't come to plan .
it does n't sometimes happen when they plan .
sometimes , the plans do n't come .
sometimes , the plans do n't come .
sometimes it 's not going to be planned .
and at times , things do n't go on .
tom howard 's in charge tom sights .
tom is the same way
the howard takes care of tom sights .
the tom howard sits with him .
tom howard 's been there with him .
tom howard 's in charge tom sights .
tom , tom howard 's taking over .
there 's tom howard sides around .
tom 's in his head .
tom xidle for him
you ca n't let me to .
i never let myself .
i 'll never let myself do this .
there 's no way i 'm gon na ...
i never let myself .
i no way of doing this .
i i 'm not gon na do this .
i 'm not gon na let this .
i never want to do this .
i will not allow this .
he could be the one who made the mistake .
we 've never made a mistake . . .
it 's
he could n't be garber , garber mistake .
they 've been no garber who made this mistake
it 's not garber , but made that mistake .
he 's never made a mistake of garber .
it was not at garber 's fault .
he did n't make a mistake .
they 're not garber who made this mistake .
there 's a solo job to do .
you have a solo task on you .
the task belongs to you solo
for you , it 's a solo job .
it 's not going to you solo .
i ca n't take you alone . to you .
these are your solo tasks here .
you do n't have a solo job .
you 're on your job , guys .
so you know , got a solo job .
i was in half a century ago .
the scavengers destroyed by the moon for half a century .
it 's half a century to destroy the moon .
half a century ago ... the scavengers destroyed our moon .
i mean , it was a century ago , the scavengers destroyed moon has been destroyed
half a century ago that destroyed our moon has been destroyed .
i had half a half a century ago since the scavengers destroyed .
i know it was half a century ago that scavengers destroyed our moon .
it was half a century ago , since the scavengers were destroyed .
it took half a century from the scavengers destroyed our moon .
that was your moisturizer for you
that was the moisturizer ?
you 've got moisturizer ?
do you have any moisturizer ?
`` is that have moisturizer ? ``
`` has moisturizer ? there you were .
you got any moisturizer ? no .
look at the moisturizer
one moisturizer , one ...
he 's got moisturiser ?
these wounds are usually suffered by gravity
injuries . everyone is suffering from a mass of the injuries .
the weight flyer will suffer all the injuries to the injuries .
it is suffering from a gravity flyer wounds .
the entire injury out is usually suffered by gravity flyer . ``
all of these wounds is usually suffering from a thats of the ship .
and such wounds are in common suffering from a gravity flyer .
all of these wounds is usually suffering from a gravity flyer .
usually all of these wounds is suffering from a thats of the ship .
they usually did n't suffer all these wounds from gravity
our attempts are in the next few minutes .
try a few more minutes .
let 's gon na wait a few minutes .
did we try to wait a few minutes ?
please , i 'm gon na try and wait a few minutes
our attempt took us a few minutes ago .
we have to try to wait a few minutes . ''
sir , it 's possible to wait a few more minutes .
i 'm gon na try and wait a few minutes .
do n't try to wait a few minutes .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
do n't worry about anything .
you ca n't scare me .
i 'm not afraid of anything , it .
i hate nothing to worry .
i 'm not afraid of anything .
i fear nothing to do with it .
i 'm afraid of fear anything .
i 'm not afraid of anything ...
i 'm not afraid of anything ...
that you 're a god like you 're a man .
and you speak like he 's a god , is that what you say ?
talking like he was a god , `` god was there . ``
you talk , like he 's a god . ``
`` you speak like he was a god , there was a man .
it 's a kind of god .
it 's like he 's a god .
you speak as if he 's a god .
you can talk like he 's a god .
it 's like he 's a god ...
well , that seems to be not more than six months old months .
for me , looks like she does n't seem to be in six months .
for me , the whole thing is six months .
it looks like it 's not even 6 months old .
see , you think she 's not seem to be in six months .
such things look like she 's not more than six months old .
for me , she looked like she was n't even had six months old .
according to me , someone must have been six months .
i mean , she does n't seem to be in six months .
to me , it looks like she 's not more than six months old .
in the book was , your life 's changing your imagination .
how the book changes your life , it 's more than his imagination .
and that book changes in your life is beyond his imagination .
well , as the book is going to change your life beyond your imagination ,
there was gon na be a book about your life beyond your imagination .
how the book changes your lives beyond his imagination .
how the book changes your life is beyond its imagination !
how the book changes your lives beyond his imagination .
how the book changes your life , it 's beyond its imagination .
as the book changes your life it 's going to change his imagination .
say something to mr eagles .
do you and mr. eagles mr. eagles ?
want to talk to mr. eagles , to you
are n't you talking to mr. eagles ?
want to talk to mr. eagles .
good morning , i was talking to mr. eagles .
want a word with mr. eagles .
is mr. eagles talking any ?
are the mr eagles talking ?
does anyone want anything with mr. eagles ?
nobody 's got four marshmallows .
no one eats four marshmallows .
no one 's four marshmallows , is it ?
no one eats four marshmallows , nanny , you know ?
nobody eats four marshmallows .
no one four marshmallows made no ...
nobody 4 , marshmallows sta
no one eats four marshmallows .
`` no one 's eating four marshmallows , sta !
nobody 's got four marshmallows .
you did n't learn to ride a bike like this .
ride is as good as you learn to ride a bike .
the way you learn to ride on a bike is the way .
the way you learn to ride the bike would be like this .
you 'd really learn to ride a bike like this .
the way to learn to ride a bike like this .
the bike 's journey will be learned as you learn .
the way you learn to ride the bike are like this .
the way you learn to ride a bike is going to be like this .
the way you learn , ride on your bike , is like this .
okay , `` you 're wasting it off this disgusting bastard !
as if in the end of bastards waste , they waste , you !
please , he wasted those disgusting bastards !
lamentable bastard !
i guess it 's wasted it on those insolent !
these insolent bastards to waste wo n't waste !
one ca n't waste it on those disgusting bastards !
ca n't waste it on those insolent bastards
lamentable shit about these disgusting bastards !
this must be wasted on those disgusting bastards !
did you see it ?
did you ever see it ?
you saw it out ?
have you seen it ? to
did you see it ?
did you see her ?
have you seen it ?
you see it ?
did you see it ?
you saw it already ?
they do n't have to be afraid , right , doc ?
something 's gon na scare her pretty scared , right , doctor ?
something 's gon na scare them , right ?
i have a little scared man , right , doc .
she does n't have to be afraid , right , doc ?
i 'm afraid they were scared , right , doctor ?
that was a little scary , right , doc ?
she 's got them pretty much scary , right , doctor ?
she has such a lot , is n't she , doc ?
she was scared , was she not ? doctor ?
this does n't need to rest or coggle , which is different from some stews in europe .
he needs no rest or coddle , which is different from some steele ...
there 's no need for rest or , which is different from some stews in europe .
he does n't need to rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in europe .
no rest , not even a little more , which is in europe 's various stews .
he 's not the one who 's not going to rest , which is , which is different from some stews in europe .
he 's not necessary to rest , which is , which is different from some steele in europe .
he does n't need to rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in europe .
i do n't rest , nor coddle , which is different from some steele in europe .
i need not to rest or coddle , which is different from some stews in in europe .
there 's a rocket on it now .
he built a rocket ...
it is built by a rocket . ``
he is built a rocket .
that was a rocket built
yeah , it 's just rocket .
he built a rocket .
he built a rocket .
they build a rocket . ``
it 's to build a missile
but sir
everything wants to be made sure if there 's enough space .
the fact is what we want to make sure that we have been sufficient space .
just make sure that we have enough space .
we 're trying to make sure ... . . if there 's enough space enough space enough space enough space enough space enough space .
all we want to do is make sure we have sufficient space .
it 's only possible that we would be enough to make sure that there was enough space .
what we want to do n't make sure if there 's enough space .
we were just to make sure , there 's enough space .
more carefully , sir . security would only be if we had enough space
our fbl is bondi .
our fbl is bondi .
the fbl are n't what they watch .
bondi is what the fbl was looking for , and he 's not here . ``
the fbl bondi , i 'm looking at it .
it 's what the fbl was looking at .
bondi is what the fbl was watching .
it 's bondi , what the fbl 's watch .
bondi is what the fbl are watching , to see , ``
bondi 's ... what the fbl are watching the fbl 's .
we have to forget , the most normal work .
we should just forget how to do the most normal job .
we have to forget how the most common task ...
i 'd like to forget the most normal tasks .
and we should forget how the most common task is
we should forget what we 're going on , `` did the job .
`` we ought to forget , there was a common task .
we have to forget , we 're doing a most common job , we can do ?
we forget how the most normal work .
we should forget how we do the most common task .
anyone got a bandorer ? no .
anyone was interested in bandorer ?
anyone can have a bandages ?
anyone said , `` bandoly ? ''
did anyone have a bandorer ? ``
anyone got a bandorer ? no .
anyone is going to bandah
anyone got a bandorer ...
anyone had to go ?
anyone got a bandorer ?
d'you mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
do you think you wo n't stay overnight ?
you stay here tonight ?
what does it mean you do n't stay overnight ?
did you mean you did n't stay overnight ?
it means you do n't stay overnight ?
does that mean you do n't stay overnight ?
meaning you wo n't stay overnight ?
do you think you wo n't stay overnight ?
does this mean you wo n't stay overnight ?
how do you close ?
what near here ?
so what 's close ?
what 's close ?
so what 's close ?
what the fuck 's close ...
what 's close ?
what 's close ?
oh , my way ? what do you mean ?
what are your near ?
if mom comes back ?
`` when your mom returns ?
when will mom return ?
mom return by now ?
by coming back to your mom ?
`` when do n't mom come back ? ''
when do mom return ? to her mother ?
if mom comes back , not up there ? ``
when did n't mom come back ?
once mom returns ...
but it 's european wine with colour like blood .
although it 's european wine , it also has a colour of blood .
`` but there 's a european wine with colors as if there 's
it 's just a european wine with the colour of blood ...
yet it 's the european wine i do .
but it 's european wine with colour like blood .
but that 's not the european wine that has the colour of blood .
but it 's european wine with colour like blood .
but does it look like a european wine to the colour of blood
but it 's european wine . `` oh , but it 's like blood , red .
mayor 's going to be responsible for citizens while these policies fail .
the mayor will be responsible for citizens when citizens fail .
mayor , the mayor 's going to be responsible for the failure to do n't .
the mayor will be responsible for citizens when citizens fail .
you will call mayor to be responsible for citizens when the policy fail ...
that mayor is not be responsible for citizens . to
just did n't gon na call for responsibility of responsibility to the mayor to fail . . .
the mayor of the city , mayor will be responsible for citizens if they fail .
the mayor will be responsible for citizens when they fail . . to
the mayor calls citizens to the responsibility of citizens if they fail .
welcome best of imagination .
welcome to the biggest imagination is not possible .
welcome to the biggest imagination .
so welcome to your imagination .
welcome , great imagination .
welcome to the biggest imagination .
welcome up the biggest imagination .
welcome imagination have a chance .
welcome to your greatest imagination will be welcome .
so we welcome the biggest imagination
when the marketing fraud starts , the european commission took action so that businesses could be protected .
before the marketing fraud starts , it starts with the european commission before the business is protected .
the commission starts protecting businesses before the marketing fraud starts .
european commission takes action to defend businesses before marketing fraud , no . ``
the european commission is responsible for the marketing fraud , before the marketing fraud .
it is currently needed to protect businesses before the european commission before the marketing fraud starts .
the commission will also be responsible for the protection of the business before the marketing fraud .
before the marketing fraud starts , the european commission will take action to protect businesses
before the marketing fraud began , the european commission takes action to protect the business protection .
before the marketing fraud starts , they need action to protect businesses .
do n't you dress ? - no .
you do n't dress ,
you do n't dress ? yeah .
i did n't dress ?
you did n't dress ? .
you do n't dress ? what ?
it 's not up ?
she 's not dressed ?
you did n't dress ?
you wo n't dress
i hate it , and i 'll rectify my mistake .
give me a hand and rectify my mistake , please , please , my mistake . ``
give me a hand , and let me back my mistake .
give me a hand , let me get my mistake
he put it on me , with my fault my fault .
i give me a little and i will rectify my mistake .
`` i 'm going to put him in my hands , and i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
i 'm gon na put it , i , i , uh , i 'm gon na fix my mistake .
put it to me and i will rectify my mistakes .
hang on to me and i ' m gon na fix my mistake .
when i mix the whisky with whiskey , it was not for me .
i never thought i 'd ever do it when i 'd mix with whiskey ?
it was and should never have done that good to mix with whiskey with whiskey .
mix the whisky with whiskey , i 'm not supposed to do
when i mix the whisky with whiskey , something one did n't make me think .
mixing with the whisky of whiskey i was no good at .
anyone had no good idea , not to mix the whisky with whiskey .
but mixing the whisky with whiskey was n't the best thing i ever wanted out ever .
mixing the whisky with the whisky with the whisky was not a good idea that i 'd never had never had never been
anyone had the idea that i never had no idea i was to do it .
the suggestions also appear to be found at this point .
which is also a further simplifelong suggestions
`` no further simplifications , further simplicity proposals are identified , and are currently identified .
communication is also a further simplifications for this time .
so the additional simplicity of proposals to be found at the moment .
in addition , i identified further simplifications .
there is a further simplifications for this moment .
furthermore ... . . . . to identify further simplicensing suggestions .
that it is also appropriate simplifications are identified .
further the simplicensing suggestions are identified at the moment .
their location is unsubstantiated ?
that they 're neeble ?
one of them is a neeable ?
it 's uneable ?
any of them will be unsubstandarted ?
they 're not neeble ?
it 's a neeble ?
any of them are unsubordinate ?
anyone and anyone people are inserting
one of them is a neeable ?
and i distinguish three situations three .
to distinguish three situations in that regard :
and differentiate three situations :
i ' m difference three situations three .
i am . i differentiate three situations .
i distinguish three situations of three .
in the context of three situations .

i differentiate three situations in this regard :
i shall distinguish three situations in that regard .
how did the rate of infrastructure authorization of the infrastructures be carried out ?
how is it possible to speed up the infrastructure authorization procedures ?
what is it like to speed up the infrastructure authorisation procedure ?
how did the speed of the infrastructure authorization process ?
how did the speed of the infrastructure authorization process ?
`` how did the speed of the infrastructure authorization be achieved ? to
how did the speed of speed up the authorisation procedure be achieved ?
how could the rate of the infrastructures be accelerated ?
how could the rate of the infrastructures be accelerated ?
how could the rate of the infrastructures be accelerated ?
if you wan na do n't lose your dirty job ...
you should have done your dirty work if you ca n't have a choice
i think if you wan na do your dirty job , make the loser 's a good choice .
you 're gon na think if you wan na do your dirty job , the loser 's not a good choice .
i guess if you wan na do your dirty job , that loser 's not a good choice .
the bastards do n't have a choice if you want to do your dirty job .
i guess you wan na want someone who 's gon na do your dirty job ... ... that 's no one of the wrong choices .

i 'm sure you wan na do your dirty work . the loser 's not a choice .

such reason made for him , trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
why ? -RRB- reason why he did n't trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-esteem alcohol .
that 's why he was trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
reason why he did so sure that he would feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
the reason for his big brain 's thirsty desires , as well as self-esteem and alcohol .
the only reason is that he wants to feed his big brains out of his thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
the reason , general , given why , trying to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
and he was trying to feed his big brain ... why he wished for self-respect himself and alcohol and alcohol .
therefore , i was on why he wanted to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
such reason , which 's made him want to feed his big brain 's thirsty desires after self-respect and alcohol .
we 're wasting no time .
yeah , we 'll lose no time .
okay , then . no time to waste
then we do n't waste time , sir .
then we wo n't waste time .
so do n't waste time .
then let 's not waste time . ``
`` do n't waste our time , and do n't forget . ``
so we do n't waste time .
and then , no time to waste .
several majestians rose out of the grasslands , and the full of rampous white birds .
several majestic trees rose from the grasslands , filling with rampous birds with rampant birds .
several majestians rose out of the grasslands , full of rampous white birds .
it was a couple of majestians rising from the grasslands , full of rampous white birds .
a few majestic trees rose out of the grasslands and were filled with rampous white birds .
a few majestic trees rose from the grasslands , full of which was filled with angry birds .
some majestic trees climbed out of the grasslands , filling with rampous white birds .
to a couple of majestians , a large mountain trees rose all over the grasslands , burning white birds .
several trees of majestians were already rising from the grasslands , full of rampous white birds .
several majestic green trees rose from the grasslands , filling with angry white birds .
is that what your heart distraught ?
you 're pretty good with your heart .
that 's your heart distraught .
you have a distraction heart .
it 's your heart distraught heart .
you 're just a distraught heart ...
you must have a distraught heart !
your heart is distraught
you have a distraught heart
oh , you got your heart ...
in buddhism , the soul of a soul retreated at the soul reincarnates on the 49th day .
well ... it is believed that the soul of a soul will be restored to the 49th day .
in buddhism , convinced that a man 's soul is returning to be restored to the 49th day .
in buddhism , there are beliefs of a person 's soul will be restored to the 49th day .
according to buddhism , i 'm not sure the soul of a person 's soul retreated at the 49th day .
in buddhism , the soul of a soul retreated at the soul reincarnates on the 49th day .
in buddhism . people also believed that the soul of the day 49 .
and buddhism believes that a person 's soul is returning to be restored to the 49th day .
and in buddhism , human souls are believed to be reincarnating at 49th day .
they are believed to have a soul of a in the 49th day .
speed and anonymity are such benefits as well as electronic bills .
at speed and anonymity , there is an advantage of electronic bills .
speed and anonymity are benefits from electronic bills
at a speed and an there are benefits there are electronic bills .
one electronic bills rate is an advantage .
speed anonymity benefits are the benefits from electronic bills .
speed , anonymity , electronic bills is being used .
exceedingly , benefits are the speed and account , uh , benefits from electronic bills .
the speed and anonymity are the benefits of electronic bills .
the prices and anonymity are appropriate for speed up the anonymity .
she was behind the toilet behind her , where her husband found her .
she was behind a toilet when his husband found her
she had a toilet behind her husband 's back .
she was behind a toilet when his husband found her .
there she was .
she had been behind a toilet when her husband found her .
did she go to the toilet behind her ? to find her husband
did his husband come to the toilet for a man . ``
she 's been in the toilet since his husband found her .
they 've been behind a toilet since his husband found her ...
look , i 'll go to the hotel tomorrow .
look tomorrow you , i 'll go to the hotel .
that hotel is gon na go to the hotel tomorrow .
there are hotel i 'm gon na check .
look . the hotel i 'll be checking tomorrow .
look . the hotel i 'll be checking tomorrow .
look , it 's the hotel i 'm gon na check tomorrow .
i guess the hotel i 'll be checking tomorrow at tomorrow .
in the hotel i 'll go tomorrow . i 'll go check .
i got a hotel in the hotel tomorrow .
i have weird things weird going on here .
and that i have a lot happens a little bit .
it gave me weird things here .
i have weird things weird going on here , but ... what happened !
when i have a weird things happen .
it took me out .
i have weird things weird going on here .
i have weird things weird going on here .
i really kind of weird things out there , dude !
- i -RRB- i kind of have a weird things going on here .
he 's willing to borrow his knife ?
i wish he could borrow a barbed .
the man in his hand is willing to borrow ?
the barbs will borrow his ?
i thought you 're willing to borrow the knife ?
who 's he gon na borrow ?
the only one will he borrow ?
he 's willing to borrow his knife ?
he 's willing to borrow the knife ?
he ' s willing to borrow a barbed ?
when she 'd prefer a tomb , see no reason , trying to marry her to the nobleman .
if she would prefer a tomb , she would know why we were trying to marry her
if she would prefer a tomb , i see no reason why we 're marrying her .
she 'd prefer a tomb , i see no reason to try to try to marry her nobleman .
i 'd like her grave if she did n't see why we were trying to try to marry her .

if she would prefer the grave , i could see why we were trying to marry her to nobleman .
when she would prefer a tomb ... ... i see no reason why we tried to try to marry her
if she 'd preferred the grave , i see no reason to try to marry her .
and i see no reason to take her to be married her to a nobleman .
marrying william whele does n't mean ...
no way out of me to marry william whele .
there 's no way i could marry william whele .
okay , none of you think i 'm marrying william whele .
you know , william whele , such i 'm impossible .
impossible for , i 'm not going to william whele .
it 's impossible for me to marry william whele .
that 's impossible for me to marry william whele .
impossible to marry william whele .
it 's not going to be possible to marry william whele .
fire is a position !
fire position positions ... move !
is fire moved !
fire , get off !
fire ai n't ...
shots , move ! move
just shoot position ! move it !
will you shoot position ?
that fire position is moving !
fire position , move !
did he not hide him , no one fed him .
nobody , let him hide it .
hide him without anyone .
did n't anyone tell him anything .
nobody is hiding him .
tell him no one 's hiding him .
is no one hiding him ?
no one 's hiding him , no one will feed him ... no one .
nobody hide him , they never feed him .
nobody 's hiding him .
there 's only a toy .
everything else 's just a toy .
everything else , uh , just a toy .
everything else 's just a toy .
for all the rest . it 's just a toy .
there 's only one toy everywhere .
will all of them be just a toy ?
the others are just toys .
all others are just toys . to
everything else 's just toy .
and no one 's saying anything ?
no one 's saying anything about it ?
your name did n't anyone about it ?
no one 's saying that to roger ?
nobody told roger about it and said anything ?
nobody 's told roger ?
telling roger about it ? no one ?
your name was n't roger ?
nobody has told roger about it ?
nobody told roger a thing like that ?
a classic friend of all , my friend 's gon na want to be .
and a classic friend is what he wants .
a classic friend of hers are as she wants .
like a classic friend of mine is what she wants . ''
and a classic friend of mine is what she wants .
she 's classic to a friend like she wants me .
a classic friend of mine 's a classic , so much she wants me .
being a classic friend of a classic thing i want me .
a classic friend of hers that she 's what she wants .
classic friend 's friend 's friend ... . come on the way i want .
to steal our car .
maybe someone 's stolen . stolen .
we were stealing our car , right ?
he 's a stolen car stolen car stolen car too .
we have to steal the car .
we do n't have a car stolen .
`` we stole our car , there we were .
they stole us from the car .
he 's stealing our car .
we 're a little bit , so in the car , we stole it .
our elevators are in other .
use the other elevators .
use the other elevators . take advantage .
did we go for another elevator ?
please , i 'm using another elevator
our use was more elevators .
we have to use another elevator . . .
hey , it 's possible to use another elevator .
i 'm gon na use another .
do n't use other elevators .
guys , no talking to him .
i guess not to talk .
he 's not talking .
he 's not here he 's talking .
no , `` not talking .
`` oh , not talking .
i mean , he spoke to him .
he 's not talking , not him .
he 's not talking , but he 's not talking .
he 's not talking .
error message . for sure .
do you see a mistake ? to be sure .
you make a mistake for sure .
it 's a mistake to be sure .
a mistake , of course .
a mistake over . yeah .
the following error occurred to me for sure .
a mistake 's for sure .
a mistake 's for sure .
do n't make a mistake .
as a consequence is unequivalent to a slow and slow and a fast career salary of average career .
the result to be an average salary for slow and fast career , and pay for average career is no equivalent .
it will be impossible to pay for a slow and fast career and an average salary of average career .
the rewards are unequivalent to a slow and slow and rapid career rate of career that is not equivalent .
therefore i do not have equivalent to pay for slow and rapid and fast career salary of average career .
this is not equivalent to an average salary for slow and fast career and an average career salary .
as a result of the average salary for slow and swift career and an average career salary is not equivalent .
the result . an average salary rate due to slow and fast career salary and average career salary .
it is therefore not equivalent to a slow and slow career , paying for a average career rate .
and therefore , in the case of a career , i 'm not paying for slow and fast , and the wage is equivalent .
but still
but still angry like a bubble that blew up again .
but still his rage like a bubbles is blowing
still the least ...
still , his anger burst like a bubble that blew up .
he still felt his anger as if it was blowing .
still razed with anger , blowing , like a bubble that blew up .
but still with his anger . storm burst ;
still his anger as if he was blowing up the bubbles .
however
in a motel is a fastidious cockroach takes a pain so i can avoid .
then the fastidious cockroach have taken me to avoid .
in a motel of fastidious cockroach would be avoided .
well , in a motel , fastidious cockroach really have to be avoided .
avoiding cockroach would have taken pain in a motel .
in a motel , a cockroach takes a great deal of pain .
in a motel ... . . . that cockroach would have taken me to avoid .
a fastidious cockroach in a motel , so that i would not be avoided .
the kind of motel would have taken me fastidious cockroach to avoid .
in a motel , a fastidious cockroach me to avoid .
you 're serious about marrying surprises ?
i mean , you really taking a surprise .
it 's going to be a serious marriage ? to you
`` you mean , surprise marriage taken , you know ?
do n't you think you 're gon na get married ?
really ? you do n't really consider marrying surprises ?
you really takes you when you bring surprises ?
you wo n't really consider marrying surprises ?
you 're serious about marrying surprises ?
do you think you 're gon na get married ?
people if there 's no future for the future ...
they say if humanity does n't have a future ...
`` he says if humanity does n't have a future , there was a death .
`` and he says if humanity does n't have a future for humanity .
he says if humanity does n't have a future . to die .
he says if humanity does n't have a future .
he says if humanity does n't have a future , i 'm gon na die .
he said , if there 's no future for the future . . . to die
he says if humanity does n't have a future . to die .
the found man says if humanity does n't have a future . to die .
the contract with dola girosa will be awarded you .
the contract ` dola girosa will be awarded you .
in the contract and dola girosa will be assigned to you .
a contract dola girosa has a deal with you .
the contract ` dola girosa will be awarded you .
the contract and dola will be assigned to you .
the contract and dola girosa are all about you .
the contract with dola girosa will be awarded you
the contract and dola girosa will be assigned to you .
the contract with dola girosa and dola are you and will be awarded you .
i 'm not laughing at all funny . this funny .
i ca n't find it 's fun .
i ... find it amusing .
i 'm sure it 's not funny .
. . i 'm not having this is funny . .
i don ' m not funny
i guess not that fun .
it 's gon na be fun .
it 's not funny , i guess .
i 'm not laughing at all , that kind of fun
when she did n't have n't been enough for her , my sister 's sister threw her .
my sister 's been throwing her out of her coat since she did n't she gone out of it .
sister threw out because the coat was n't nice enough for her .
`` since that coat was n't enough for her , let her go . ''
since the coat was n't have much to do , she threw up my sister 's coat .
when she did n't have n't been enough for her , my sister 's sister threw her .
and since my sister 's coat could have thrown him out of the sister .
i guess the coat was n't enough for her , but my sister threw him away .
since the coat was n't enough for her , but my sister threw it away .
since the coat was n't have much to do , yet , then , then , now that 's a little bit of it .
think it 's hard ?
that 's hard , you know , huh ?
hey , do n't think it 's hard ?
think , you 're ...
you do n't think it 's hard ...
say , that 's not how hard it is ?
that seems difficult ?
`` that seems difficult ? please .
and think it 's hard ?
think , it 's hard ?
well , you 're wondering what the devil tasted like . ``
i wonder what the devil 's taste is .
you do n't know what the devil tasted like .
wondering i wonder what the taste .
- i wonder what the devil tasted like
i wonder what the devil tasted devil .
i 'm wondering what the devil tasted like ,
- i wonder what the devil tasted like .
as i 'm wondering , what a devil taste . .
the taste of the devil . general
it 's a crime ... your idea .
this is a crime .
the crime 's in it , okay ?
yeah , this is a crime .
this is a crime , you know ?
this is criminal .
it 's a crime .
this is a crime you know ?
i know this a crime . you know ?
this is a crime .
he appeared to be a droop 's moustache ...
he looked almost like a droop moustache .
moustache did n't even seem to be droop .
his moustache almost seemed a little to be a droop .
moustache looked as if his moustache were nearly a little moustache .
so his little moustache appears to be droop .
his moustache did n't seem to be much droop .
his moustache almost looked droop as he was .
the moustache almost appeared , droop .
he appeared to be droop moustache .
get out of my butt , okay ?
hey , just get that i 'm gon na get that asshole .
somebody leave me a shifter off my butt
just so , get that shifter off my ass .
now you get a shifter off my butt .
now we can take the shifter off my butt .
well , come on . let me get that shifter , guys .
but just so i 'm gon na take my butt off .
`` just leave the shifter get in my butt .
if i 'm gon na get my butt off .
how beautiful you are .
the beauty of this was really pretty .
yeah , it 's beautiful .
how much do you look ?
what a beauty you 're you are you ?
how much did you look ?
is n't it so beautiful ! how beautiful will be ?
she was so beautiful .
what if i 'm beautiful .
and what a beauty .
these expect us to be improved , especially in particular , to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of some kind of disaster .
has it expected that we expect to improve , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of the possibility of a disaster ?
such improvements are expected , particularly to be removed from uncertainties to help certain types of disaster .
by the way of improvement is expected to improve , it is our view to eliminating of uncertainties .
this will be expected to improve , especially by eliminating uncertainties for some kind of disaster .
by the way of improvement , especially in particular removal of uncertainties about the possibility of disaster .
we will expect this improvement , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster sources of disaster .
through this way , we expect to improve , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some kind of the disaster .
the new disaster approach is specifically expected to be removed from them to eliminate uncertainties .
we will expect this improvement , especially to eliminate uncertainties about the possibility of aid for some disaster sources of disaster .
could not pass documents to the workspace .
you could be able to pass documents .
it has not been possible to pass documents to this workspace .
i can not pass the documents to the workspace .
could not pass documents to this workspace
this workspace is no longer available .
he did not even pass the documents to the workspace .
the workspace document has been failed .
workspace documents such documents could not be passed
could not the workspace document .
they gave me no abuse .
i did n't abuse .
i had no abuse .
nothing was abused .
i was n't abused .
no abuse happened .
okay . i did n't get abused .
and i did n't abuse .
i did n't abuse .
i 'm not abused .
the west hollywood will be arrested for not turning your dog off .
in the west hollywood you ca n't arrest your dog .
now there 's no way you could arrest you in west hollywood .
there may be no longer be arrested for the hollywood 's hollywood .
the west hollywood , and now you ca n't arrest you for not turning !
you ca n't arrest the dog in west hollywood .
you can arrest the dog in west hollywood .
the dogs can arrest you in west hollywood .
he 's arresting you know you ca n't arrest your dog .
in the west hollywood were able to arrest you , too , and you ca n't turn your dog off .
they made an asian visa ...
they gave asia a visa .
they have marked an asian visa of asia
they 're already out of asia 's visa
they were marked by asia , asian visa .
`` they marked an asian visa .
these are the flagged asia visa .
it 's an asian visa .
already marked the asian visa here .
did they send an asian visa ?
after how did the beast 's eyes around the corner to watch them ?
after a while the beast around the beast around the corner to watch them .
after , a monster 's stuck in a hole , watching them .
then ... . . after a monster stuck a hole around the corner to watch .
`` looking at them , there was around the corner , watching them .
the monster was a hole in the corner . he 's not sure about watching them .
it 's not enough to watch the beast look around the corner .
following the beast , a hole a hole around the corner to watch them .
even though the beast was stuck a hole in the corner to watch them .
even though the monster 's stuck in the corner and watched them ,
you knew you were killed ?
there was a dead man 's death ?
you knew that you were dead ?
youre was killed ? to
you know you as dead ?
that was true you were dead ?
you knew that you were dead ?
you knew you were dead ? .
you knew you were dead
man : did you know you were dead ?
have you not planned to stay much longer ?
you 're not gon na stay much longer ?
will you be staying long ?
will you stay long while you do n't plan ?
you wo n't even be staying long ?
will you not stay ?
you 're not gon na stay much longer ?
you 're not gon na stay long , right , right , right , right , right , right , sir , sir ? . ?
you 're not gon na stay much longer ?
you 're not gon na stay much longer ?
it has evolved ? technology evolved .
they develop the technology ?
did he develop the technology ?
so what ? what technology did technology evolved ?
evolved ... what technology ?
the development of technology is this ?
`` what technology has evolved ? ''
`` did he develop technology ? what technology ?
he was developing technology .
evolved out of technology ?
we were n't locked up .
all right . so we locked up .
our place locked us in .
it is locked inside .
and i 'm locked in .
it 's a lock .
i guess we got it locked .
our lock is locked . . .
the whole thing locked in .
we got it locked .
that colony 's response was fast and reasonable .
colony 's response quick and sensible people .
colony answered was fast and reasonable .
it was a hurry and a reasonable response from the colony .
the colony response was in a hurry and a reasonable .
he was answered quickly , and sensible .
in the colony ' s response could be fast and reasonable .
the colony , the answer to be the colony quickly .
colony was answered quickly , reasonable .
quickly , colony replied quickly .
powerful times are healing energy that emanates from love .
the powerful waves heal energy that emanates from love .
`` the strength that emanates from love is what 's powerful .
`` here 's the strength that emanation energy that emannihilating .
and there 's a strong healing energy that emanates from love
there 's a strong healing energy that emanates from love .
strength strong healing is here to heal energy ... . . to love
it 's not enough to heal energy healing energy
there 's not much healing energy that emanates from love
there 's a strong healing energy that emanates from love
the vampire thing is in the world could kill .
no original vampires kill nothing .
`` there 's nothing , there , there came up a killing .
there 's nothing that an original vampire could kill .
and there 's nothing the original vampire can kill
there are no original vampires who could kill .
we have nothing to kill from the original vampire .
there 's no way the original vampire could kill
there 's the original vampire , it 's vampires never takes anything , to kill
is that nothing have an original vampire to kill
before the plan of pregnancy you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment .
before pregnancy , you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment ... . before your pregnancy plan .
switch an appropriate alternative treatment before the plan for pregnancy .
before the plan of pregnancy you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment .
never was appropriate alternative treatment before the plan for pregnancy .
this should before the plan to switch to an appropriate alternative treatment .
before the plan for pregnancy you to switch to appropriate alternative treatment .
before the plan for pregnancy , you should switch to an option alternative treatment .
you should switch to an appropriate alternative treatment before your pregnancy is planned .
before the plan of pregnancy this is to be transferred to an appropriate alternative treatment .
the river you were talking about , she jumped in , and died , too .
the river you talked about , she jumped to death .
the river you were talking about it , jumping into and died .
she did n't come to death , the river .
the river of you talked about , and jumped to death .
the river you talked about , she jumped to death .
the river you were talking about , she just jumped out of him ... . . to die ...
the river you talked about , she just jumped out of her and died
the river you were talking about is going to death are there .
when you talked about it , the river fell into it and died .
there seems to be a lot of them smashed fingers .
i guess there were several shots smashed his fingers .
he looked like several shots smashed his fingers .
it looks like a lot of them were smashed by fingers . . .
it looks like a lot of them smashed fingers .
there 's a lot of broken fingers
it looks like several shots smashed fingers .
`` it looks like a few wounds , there , there were fingers .
it ... seem to have smashed his fingers ... ``
that looks like a few shots smashed his fingers
did you plan and start with buying the other companies ?
do you plan to pay ? to the purchase other company ?
will you come back to buying the other companies ?
and will you be interested in buying the other companies ?
did you plan on buying the other company ?
so , do you plan to buy other firms ?
hey , do you plan on buying other firms ?
come on , do you plan to buy other firms ?
`` and do you plan to buy other firms ? ''
so you intend to pay for buying other company ?
